than the title suggests. whoops. i have to say, i'm curious about the mod-downs. is this a dupe? boring? reddit users don't like microformats? they were also asked about this during their earnings call, and the same message was repeated -- that they have no plans to do an os. but it really did bring me to the opinion that paul is oblivious about his own limitations. you've managed to set a table that all bashers of paul g can admire without putting any legs under it. maybe your wisdom is obvious to the other aren't we so smartfolks in your club, but would you care to actually make an arguable statement? the same article had the following quote: carl herkstroeter, the president of the a.t.t.s., says. i've tested half of them. and of the number ive tested i have disqualified one pit bull because of aggressive tendencies. they have done extremely well. they have a good temperament. they are very good with children.it can even be argued that the same traits that make the pit bull so aggressive toward other dogs are what make it so nice to humans. there are a lot of pit bulls these days who are licensed therapy dogs,the writer vicki hearne points out. their stability and resoluteness make them excellent for work with people who might not like a more bouncy, flibbertigibbet sort of dog. when pit bulls set out to provide comfort, they are as resolute as they are when they fight, but what they are resolute about is being gentle. and, because they are fearless, they can be gentle with anybody. the author made an argument against the pit bull breed in the beginning of the article and then blew it apart with some of the text quoted above. his point was that pit bulls were not dangerous enough to ban, the image of the evil pit bull was just an unfounded stereotype. just like the unfounded and useless stereotypes we have about what a terrorist looks like. talk about bragging a long long time ago 130kb was a pipe dream. and people back then wrote great software. better than great! anyone on here old enough to remember the trusty old c64, or zx spectrum? yip, back then they had 48 or 64 kb, and boy did they make the most of it! some of the later 3d games were absolutely amazing! there was a fixed hardware spec that stayed constant for quite a number of years - and all learned to work around the constraints and did great things. this is the award winning paper presented by larry rosler and uri guttman at the 1999 perl conference. while 7 years old, it remains one of the most comprehensive and cogent explanations of non-trivial sorting in perl. i like this discussion, but not the article. i wonder if it would make sense to be able to rate the discussion and article separately? random numbers are not useful data unless you have a link to the source and the method by which they were obtained. the problem is not the iq, it's the potential damage of following rules and, worst, infringing the rules or looking for holes in them to get better grades and whatnot. the potential of that is creation of legions of dumb people who are supposed to rule the world. summary of the article: utorrent needs no installation, has a 100kb installable, uses 5mb memory. has low market share but been downloaded 500k times since sep 2005 launch. done by ludvig strigeus in his free time. i wonder if it takes practice to get this good at talking to people why is that ok? i wouldn't claim to be an experienced programmer just yet, but i think i have enough experience to comment. languages that are purely xare great for teaching about x. for doing real work, it's optimal to have multiple paradigms available so you can use whatever techniques map most cleanly to the problem you're working on. in the real world, it also helps to have good libraries; that's one of the main reasons perl is still as popular as it is. i like using ruby for small stuff and common lisp for big stuff. your statement about lisp also applies to ruby; it's the most expressive non-lisp language i've used. good point, but not necessarily. we could continue generating wealth faster than population growth forever and still have the above be true. that generated wealth just couldn't fall into our hands. simply put, a multi-core processor has two or more computational engines within a single processor unit. the operating system sees each as a separate cpu. both intel and amd have released dual-core processors that are showing up in systems well within the reach of the common user. it hardly matters in this case. as they say, broken clocks are right twice a day. snorting coke off hookers backsides is probably under staff training'. so no juicy details. aside from the problems already stated in other topics - okay, so, with better self-discipline you do better in school. who says school performance is something that's important in life? just about every entrepreneur i know has low discipline, high iq, and was an underachiever'. that's right. useful software could be squeezed into the c64's tape buffer, which wasn't used if one had a floppy drive. that was only 191 bytes! i am sure you will like it, at least the photos! the design patterns book only applies to oo languages - so why do people keep bringing it up when talking about functional? it's like bringing it up when you are talking about car maintenance. it's just not relevant. surely people not dying is an inherently good thing? the point when complaining about starforce is the behaviour on computers of legal customers. that's funny -- i use bloglines now and was wondering if it was worth it to switch to google's aggregator. does reader not measure up somehow? cringely says google releases these to the general public just to confuse the competition. gmail would have been their biggest success that way -- a simple beta service run on a shoestring, that creates enormous headaches for hotmail and yahoo. they probably confirm these goods rumors occasionally for the same reason. given the growing pains reddit is going through right now, i thought it would be a good time to haul out this classic essay. corollary: people successful in narrow fields annoy us ordinary mortals by tending to think the considerations of their field are most relevant to a given problem or decision. e.g. i don't care how many features you can pack into a lisp web server. we put the server admins through three reorgs this year, and they'll all quit if we force them to learn weird new software.and america-imitating countries here in europe. i wish articles like this would include in what context this tidbit was revealed. out of context, it sounds smug, but who knows? yes, it's a person's choice whether to die or not. but you want them to make that choice based on reality, not misguided perceptions. the article mentions that thomas joiner's dad killed himself, and the implication is that he did so under the mistaken impression that he was unwanted and unappreciated. if he'd brought that up, it may have prevented joiner's family from losing a member. i would say no, not inherently. for example, if i fall off a horse and end up like christopher reeve, well, i will be ready to go. a tutorial that shows you a very simple way how to change the color and add some cool effects to your car. this is a very good way to see how a company logo will look on a car! in one phrase: epstein and his team note that overweight and obesity is increasing in america, but their experiments do suggest one way to help kids choose healthier foods: keep them on a limited budget, and increase the price of unhealthy foods compared to healthy ones. yeah, agreed. there must be someone reading that stuff this just proves that grades in school is no measure of intelligence, but of how much you play the game. does ruby's module system not scale well? how big is big for you? free o'reilly book on asterisk available at end of entry! yeah, it's not really a race thing, even though that's how mugabe tries to portray it. he runs roughshod over everyone. every time i see an alfa romeo pass by , i lift my hat. henry ford go nabokov. i need to actually finish ulysses one of these days, too. unfortunately, some of the best books require that you know half a dozen languages in order to read them properly. as intelligence goes up, happiness goes down. look, i made a graph.i'm not sold on the effectiveness of the rankings but it's still a pretty cool experiment. nordic design blog is an interesting design industry blog. premature optimization is the root of all evil in programming. -- c.a.r. hoare i thought this was attributed to knuth. an absolute fantastic novel karma whoring comes to reddit only the most paranoid clients phone me in my sleep.- greg egan, quarantine i've always liked this one: the only advice i can offer, should you wake up vertiginously in a strange flat, with a thoroughly installed hangover, without any of your clothing, without any recollection of how you got there, with the police sledgehammering down the door to the accompaniment of excited dogs, while you are surrounded by bales of lavishly-produced magazines featuring children in adult acts, the only advice i can offer is to try be good-humoured and polite. - the thought gang by tibor fischer article deflating the hype surround the term web 2.0 and pointing out that actually this stuff all existed ages ago, it just works now. another excellent view of authentic eastern thought. excellent excellent! articles like this always seem to make people worry about the nationality of corporations. in 20 years, after ford and gm have been strangled by their unions and atrocious product design, there will will probably be car plants in america. they'll make kias and toyotas, be 30 owned by new york investment banks, get their raw materials from australia, etc. all of these comments are predicated on the idea that there isn't enough work to go around. that's ludicrous. work is the only thing in the world whose supply is unlimited. i enjoyed reading the financial advisor's emails. it's hard to tell what their business relationship is like: frustration? disappointment? fear? or does the guy just feel acceptance towards ellison acting like a spending nut? anyway, it's hilarious. you can't blame ellison he's got the money to spend and he earned it, but what's the deal with all the japanese stuff? an interesting perspective, but one that i disagree with completely. people are happiest when their wealth is increasing, not if it is just high. in this way they compare themselves to their past selves. even the author is unhappy because he could not walk on property that the owner previously allowed him to. he mentions that in the us, average well being has declined, but draws the wrong conclusion, which is that everyone getting wealthier is the problem. the problem is when government prevents people from earning and keeping wealth, people have no choice to compare themselves to their neighbors rather than simply looking at their own progress. and finally, the author sounds a bit like a spoiled child when he asserts that people have a right to walk on property they do not own. how about a right to drive other people's cars, or live in other people's houses when they're not at home? it's relevant in teaching new concepts, especially in the bootstrapping stage. when teaching you have to lead people on a mental journey from the known, into the unknown. that requires words. design patterns give us a rich vocabulary of words, and everyone seems to agree about what the words mean. it makes a wonderful foundation to build on. here the author is trying to explain monads, an unknown concept, to a bunch of mainstream programmers. mainstreamers these days know oo and design patterns. so starting from there is it possible to bootstrap some useful monad examples? apparently so. i have read quite a number of monad explanations, trying to get a handle on how i might understand and use monads. this one did it for me. so i applaud the author's use of vocabulary. that maybe example got me past the blank stare stage. everything here is ganked from wikipedia - what's so difficult about citing sources? great story i second that. roundabouts are the devil. i'd take waiting an extra few seconds at a light over a roundabout any day. how about letting everyone see on the comments page? your karma is 97, doesn't seem so bad ;) it was a pleasure to burn should have been a lot higher on the list. the people at google are not idiots. the last thing they would do is compete with microsoft on pc operating systems. did you even read the article? 1) at no point does it say that america is doing better than europe. 2) the first thing it points out is that the cia was not involved in this study. boo-fucking-hoo. i'm more than satisfied with each of my apple purchases. i'm also more than willing to call them on their bullshit but i'm not going to make a retrospective of all the things i got burned on because i'm a bitter whiner. duplicate. maybe triplicate, triplicate lots of good free material on drummers and drumming. trust me, you are not alone. on the plus side, his science fiction is laughably bad. old stuff. surprised it made the front page. i read this back in 1999. and here i thought the article was going to be about his embarrassing articles on intelligent design. i don't know if many people care about chess much here, but katachess is really an interesting tool to drastically improve one's chess skills that's right a japan company called web technology has released a development tool for the next generation console sony playstation 3, and even you can download a trail demo so you can try it before invest in it. .. it seems to me that the problem must be that the confiscation and subsequent redistribution was poorly managed. i cannot say i see it as a grievous historical wrong to have wealth built on slaves back be redistributed to benefit said slaves descendants at large. of course, it is better when it does not have side-effects like starvation. on a slightly different note i find the white people mentality from white people to be quite ludicrous. if someone non-caucasian can't be bothered to differentiate, oh well. but really truly do americans have much more of a cherished brotherhood with russians, danes, estonians, italians, syrians, albanians, portuguese, and georgians then they do with malaysians, koreans, japanese, kenyans, and egyptians? i define myself primarily by my ethnocultural background, and find being grouped in with white people to be on the offensive side. there are lot of specific white people i find quite distasteful and reprehensible, and a number of mostly caucasian countries whose general trends i would characterise likewise. being included with white people', i really feel, puts me in some bad company. i expect i have more meaningfully in common with quite a lot of non-caucasians than i do with hordes of caucasians not of my own ethnocultural background. so, unlike most people it seems, reading about white farmers having their land confiscated does not arouse the least bit of emotion in me. mostly because white farmers', the way i read it, really stands for well-to-do descendants of wealthy owners of african slaves'. and my ancestors going back at least a millenium, almost certainly did not own slaves of any sort, and couldn't possibly have owned african slaves due to details of history and geography. so these poor, poor white farmers are nothing like me, though i may be caucasian, and elicit no fraternal empathy from me whatsoever. sorry for the long rant but it irritates me that there seemingly was an expectation that the description would elicit an emotional response. and it irritates me that from many it does, even though the most meaningful thing they have in common with said farmers is skin-colour. this list is great. i'm especially glad that it includes the opening line of the voyage of the dawn treader. it's been my favorite opening line of a book for a very long time now. get a preview of what the market looks like in your area. browse for photos and profiles at the top three dating sites all at the same time side-by-side. so now we should learn to do threading. details and facts are of little consequence in your world--aren't they? i might have considered giving it a point, but with all the nsfw passion.com links i'm going to take away a point. funny the reason the article deserves to me modded down is that it is very short, biased and uninformative. interesting if true. there were a lot of people there. i would like to hear some sort of corroboration of her story. you're absolutely right when you comment on this use of the terminology white farmers. it is a terminology either specifically designed to spur empathy, or, at best, coming from someone who has very little respect or concern for the specific historical issues that revolve around the issue. either way, it just debases the journalist who employs such terminology. in fact, ironically, the ones who do use those terms are just agreeing with mugabe's own distorted, hypocritical and demagogic point-of-view and manipulation tactics. roundabouts are easy if you use them a lot. here in the uk they're everywhere. milton keynes, near where i live, is a new city built with a grid system of roads, and the entire thing is done with roundabouts, no traffic lights. accidents are few and far between. my work filter flagged this nsfw. i pay for my internet access. every single web page i read is hosted by a company that pays for its internet access. both ends of the transaction are paying for the privilege. here's my question - who -exactly- does att think is getting a free ride? with all the press cindy sheehan has gotten in the last year how can she say that her freedom of speech has been curtailed in any significant way? the capital police is a creation of congress yet sheehan will spin the incident as some manifestation of bush's evil empire. microsoft still thinks it can control the market by sticking to the old desktop which they own. they don't go very far in supporting formats which will enhance the browser experience. i'm not the right person to ask about ruby's module system. i use ruby for small stuff because it's easy. ruby is great for the same things people use perl and shell scripts for. it's great for quickly adding some dynamic behavior to otherwise static html - like php. lisp is not so good for these things, but if something is going to be more than a few hundred lines, i'd rather use lisp. this has more to do with the strengths of lisp than the weaknesses of ruby. knowing that a breed has a tendency to be dog-aggressive means that you can deal with it so it doesn't become a problem; neuter the dog early, expose it to lots of other dogs while it's a puppy, reprimand it immediately if it acts aggressive. most dog breeds have traits that can cause serious problems if not handled correctly. you should know what those traits are before you get a dog so you can properly train your dog. there are quite a few tools that convert dvds to files that can be viewed with ipod. among them cucusoft, xilisoft and pq dvd product. looks like some new software has been released and claims to be up to 300 faster. probably not true i believe it's also generally known that it is easier to recall something if you're in the same state that you learned it in. i wonder if this could be used to recreate useful mental states. say, remember, as best you can, a time when you were very receptive to information before you start learning, remember a time when you were relaxed to help you relax, etc. malkin: in civilized societies, if you are offended by a cartoon, you do not burn flags, take up guns and raid buildings, chant death to your opponents, or threaten suicide bombings. you write a letter to the editor.on the other hand, if you're offended by a t-shirt, you just have the person wearing it arrested, right? not that that's enough for malkin it seems like you're saying mugabe isn't so bad. what's up with that -- do you have information to support? i remember fondly the hoopla she stirred up outside bush's ranch in august. it was a comedic political quandary for the administration: they couldn't frontally attack a grieving mother of a dead soldier without abandoning the visceral high-ground they cherish. she was like fox news kryptonite. unfortunately, nobody got her a political advisor, or at least a competent one, cause she started hanging out with hugo chavez. way to go, you just alienated your moderate supporters and are now left with the fringes that would have been there had you never existed. hope hugo made you feel special cindy, cause you just took a big dump on the political capital that you didn't even get to spend. funny, angry screed on lousy installers. my first impression was that this article's green-screen terminal look sucks. but the text is kind of interesting :-) the cartoon-controversy and debate on freedom of expression, today spread to the rest of europe. fewer, fewer, fewer she's been hanging with hugo chavez!? you mean the guy who is giving away free heating oil to poor people in the us? giving away free stuff like that is just wrong, obviously communist and alienates moderates! let me guess, that's why you modded it down? it's a useful, interesting resource; modding it down is a disservice to this site and to those who might not frequent other social link sites as often as you. bicycle. most efficient machine. ever. ad i'd love to see what 200m bought in woodside. how the users interact with a system is important. it should be considered a design flaw if everyone is misusing it. microsoft behind the scenes as a member of the free internet community, i call for an end to att. what optimal said. she was only asked to leave', though, not arrested. so what? who in their right mind would want to live in a country where they can be arrested for their t-shirt? such a bad choice for the name. i'll bet most people are pronouncing it you-torrent rather than utorrent'. i'll give utorrent a shot. anyone have any negative points about it? i was pronouncing it utorrent until the article pointed out that it was micro-torrent. i'm also an idiot. micro clearly makes sense. agreed. it's missing: there was no possibility of taking a walk that day from jane eyre, one of the most famous opening lines ever. i also rather like ishiguro's it seems increasingly likely that i really will undertake the expedition that has been preoccupying my imagination now for some days.from remains of the day. and saul bellow has another nice one in shortly after dawn, or what would have been dawn in a normal sky, mr. artur sammler with his bushy eye took in the books and papers of his west side bedroom and suspected strongly that they were the wrong books, the wrong papers. from mr. sammlers planet. ugh. this is one topic that needs more serious thought and less petty politicking: if you can agree with a fascist neocon on this one you should savor it. some of these palestinians would shoot you both as soon as look at you. negative filters: go to prefs and check the box next to don't show sites after i've disliked them'. then dislike anything you don't, well, like. and it's gone. problem solved. next? ah yes zippit': seems you've already found the solution: summarize the content of the link in a comment. if you're right and reddit needs summaries, then your comments will get lots of likes. excellent. now they need to apply this technology to home carpeting, furniture upholstery and clothes. or at least mine. in this article: apps in a browser collaboration and community search and maps the new web starts here widgets break out of the browser im via the web the new web at work roll your own service good call buddy to whoever caught this article. goes in tune with the 200 billion telecom scam and the att make google et al. pay for it's traffic too!! oh i barely do any web programming. no wonder i haven't really run into ruby. :) poor, poor larry. a single tear rolls down my cheek. software lets users play videos and mp3s and offers easier access to digital images. aww, but googlecola would be based on heuristic search algorithms of what everybody else thought it should taste like, and would probably be delicious! actually, malkin never said that. besides, the post is about the danish cartoons and not about japan or wwii at all. basically, a bunch of raving lunatics with guns threatened to take hostages over a series of cartoons. malkin suggests this is insane. you suggest that to find this behaviour disturbing infers that americans don't believe anything. remember that karma on reddit is not just about posting the link before anyone else does. how well you write the headline has a lot to do with how a link gets modded. it is amazing to me that millions of people spend their money on lotteries, hoping to win when all odds are against them. if you compare lottery odds against the odds of dying it becomes incongruous to me to ever think of buying a lottery ticket again. the feds have been pushing for this for years, and it always seems to fail. i'm not quite worried yet. it not theft if exxonmobil did not force customers to buy their fuel. so how is chavez giving oil to poor us citizens any different than the us giving aid to poor people with aids in africa? there's very little difference. if it is wrong for you to rob peter to pay paul, it is wrong for uncle sam too. actually very funny, but i don't like it. it seems like stooping to his level. severely curbed? you have a strange definition of severe'. you think disallowing protests in the house gallery during a joint session with the supreme court and the president is a severe limitation to the right of free speech? insisting that the right to protest should be extended to all places and all times is less than useful. claiming that the house gallery should be available for protest without restriction is an absolutist position that seems unworkable to me. i think it's to keep non-elected folks from influencing senate work in the chambers. obviously just outside there are armies of lobbyists, but inside only the elected officials are allowed to use their freedom of speech. so my take is that sheehan gets attention for her stunt, but ultimately she knew exactly what she was doing and what the consequences would be. indeed, comrade. if only the fat cats would spend less time greedily pursuing evil profits, they could read the history books and see how great our system works. terry pratchett has some good ones that are not on the list. what's a nerd, exactly? i don't know, but anyone who asks for a precise definition of nerd clearly qualifies :) and people think that israel can negotiate with people like this. sheesh. embarrassing? looks to me like he was talking about human interaction, emotional investment, and the herd mentality, and pulled no more conclusion than there is no easy way to untangle these arguments. take your dogma for a walk, dude. ruby is good for most any kind of high-level programming, but it's been getting a lot of attention lately due to the rails web framework. ruby also has good tools for scripting on just about any os, creating guis, networking, etc. it seems more like a list of the first lines of a set of 100 books the writer liked. many lines that lots of people would like on the list are omitted, and there are also some that don't seem all that interesting or cool when looked at solely on the basis of first-line-ness. a lot of countries have a more socialist outlook than america, you'd do well to not label everything communism. your play on words are very misleading, countries constantly give things away to the unwashed masses, for example social welfare assistance, health care, education. i don't know enough about chaves to judge the man, but i see one picture of him coming from the right leaning press, and another from the left leaning press. that's to be expected. the new ps3 dark sector is a third-person shooter where players assume the role of the protagonist, a modern-day superhero, you are hayden tenno that have the availability to morph into different combat forms . indeed, politics is perception and if people see a 15 second sound bite on tv showing how chavez is giving heating oil to poor americans i think they'll have a positive perception of chavez even if they are moderates. that's why chavez doing this was so brilliant: he's helping people who have been forgotten by their own country and the even though the leaders of that country seem to have it in for him. which is why adblock is your friend. this isn't really an article; it's a advertisement for a book, disguised as an news article. a blog, a blogger and another thing :-) gosh ruby fans are sensitive indeed, china's economy has been expanding at 10 pa. for the last decade. which is irrelevant to a discussion of the efficiency of a planned economy. china is totally hybridized w.r.t. capitalism and communism. to the shining example of the chicago boys in pinochet's chile? we have the same problem where i live, we have a sudden influx of people coming from eastern europe looking for a better life. it's obvious that these immigrants are honest genuine people. it's still hard to face the uncertainty of what your neighbourhood is going to be like in 5 years. it may be the best thing that ever happened, or it may be a disaster. one thing's for certain it will be different. fewer signs, fewer accidents c'mon! yes, what reddit really needs is for a link bookmarked while using frames to not be made unusable when the submitter deletes it. it's happened to me already. i think being thrown in jail for 4 hours is severe. perhaps you'd like to try it and report back whether or not you agree. there is no prohibition against t-shirts with slogans on them. that, nitwit, is the point. the police apologized for tossing her in jail. you're completely ignoring freedom of the individual. maybe someone else would be better at making my decisions for me. however, that gives him no right to force me to submit to his will. the article is short enough not to need a distorted summary. stop it. if you have great ideas, business concepts or inventions check this site out. it was new to me this guy has an interesting model of the world. this is just the first in a series of chapters. read, think, discuss. just watch-out for the kool-aid, it's some heady stuff. physics lecture? or social commentary? only time will tell. on an entirely personal aside, i'd like to point out that i really appreciate your comments on reddit. i imagine we disagree on many of the various controversial issues, but i never feel that your comments are childish or reactionary. reddit doesn't have a space for personal communication, so i'll take this one. i'd google you, but doesn't googleable. it is a parody of all those pixel-selling sites. a team of maverick podcasters have developed technology that stitches together mp3s files on the fly, allowing listeners to create dynamic custom tailored episodes. who better to make your decisions than someone you elect? applicable. rofl doubleplusgood, citizen! don't like it? don't vote for it! i don't troll. if we disagree, we disagree. there are individuals very reverently worshiped in my country as well who, on closer examination, are far less worthy than the average person's attitude would suggest. but maybe mandela is one of the few genuine heroes of incredible virtue out there. i don't know. comrade. you mean, doubleplusgood, comrade! ;) you are right. i modded it up primarily because i think it is fostering interesting discussions. this is an update from web design world san francisco about web 2.0. finally someone discusses whether or not web 2.0 is a marketing ploy. investing thru stock markets is never a win-win strategy well if the intention was to be offensive then they get 10 out of 10. if it was to be funny then they get 7. this is from a program aired in mid-2003. i doubt that 75 of americans still believe the invasion was a good idea. if this story had any basis then there would be a class action lawsuit rather than a 20 ebook. my goodness, what a pompous windbag you'll need your hip-waders to make it through this mess. mugabe and the idiots who voted him into power got what they deserved. lets see how long it takes them to beg for food from the colonial powers. wait, i forgot, south africa will probably end up paying for everything again those who know what commodore 64 means remember awesome game called galaga. bugatron is a cool 3d remake of galaga and runs on any pc. quite cool. you guys want to take this budding little love affair offline? wild animals never kill for sport. man is the only one to whom the torture and death of his fellow creatures is amusing in itself.'- froude investing thru stock markets is never a going to be a win-win strategy there are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other.'- j. k. rowling i never saw that before, so i'm glad it was posted. it is not new, but still a very interesting short read. not much to add to this except: good call. you're absolutely right. and you can bet our representatives up on the hill stopped stuffing cash in their pockets long enough to hear them. what about all the idiots who stayed home to protest mugabe's rigging the vote? do remember that defendants are always mr, mrs, miss until convicted, however obvious their guilt and appalling their crimes. . who said standards were slipping? you've just totally mischaracterized the american south. it's not like that here. i'd say only about half the population is really unhappy about the mestizo invasion', which has been important economically regardless. black-on-black crime is much more common than black-on-white crime. and if the mass media is controlled by an elite that's hostile to the majority, that would make it a lot like plantation farming, wouldn't it? pica's point was that the southerners of long ago would not have given up. the modern day population is different, and thinks differently. the now dead southerners would not be happy at all to see how things are. the interesting thing about south africa is that the people who decided to throw in the towel are still alive. when picking best lines', there's a choice. you can either pick ones that stand well alone, or ones that are powerful in the context of the story and pretty much meaningless otherwise. a lot of these are in the second group, but kudos on the pride and prejudice opener; that's a terrific book. i approve of such frank, honest discussion of important topics, race included. i do. to many, the whole discussion thread is practically offtopic and inflammatory, including your statement. and if george washington could see new york or d.c., he'd go nuts. is there a link anywhere to the original article that got the guy fired? call of cthulhu isn't really a novel. i still modded you up tho, because it's such a great opener. i'm no fan of fox - far from it - but it was gee dub that said it first, not fox. this is one of the more mature, fair comparisons of the uses of the two languages that i have seen here. the author acknowledges that there are many factors that skew his results, so he accepts that his conclusion can only be that ruby can be a viable alternative to java and may, sometimes, be better. i may give ruby a try knowing that it has its uses in my field of software development. i wonder why it was modded down. was this a less valid contribution than any of the others? or is there just a gregg egan hater in the house. rtfa. they document how the white house started spinning it and fox fell in line. entry about steve kubby and corey maye we have always said citizen, citizen. thank you for the clarification, but the article was still interesting to me. uhhh me. there is a prohibition on protests and demonstrations on the capitol grounds. it seems that the capital police has now decided that tee-shirts are not protests as they first started. ok, they've changed their story. i'll support them either way and defer to their judgment. even so, the expulsion of sheehan and young does not cause me to worry about free speech in this country. in the gaza strip armed gunmen took over some eu offices because of a political cartoon! the newspaper in denmark that published the cartoons has received a bomb threat. arab countries have withdrawn ambassadors. which of these two situations is better evidence of intolerance of free speech? agreed, malkin at best is a half-assed version of ann cooters. it is about amazing eastern spiritual sound ie - stylised mantras there is not a real difference between protestant and catholic countries in europe, maybe 20 years ago but not so much now. a very interesting idea to create a 10,000 year clock. to build the clock, a mountain in nevada was brought and the clock build into the cliff face. i'm not a big fan of the traffic circle. you should try it in ma! you're likely to see 3 lanes of cars instead of 2 =p google stock this post is somewhat misleading now as many people are now going to think that they are in a beta channel instead of the release channel. hopefully mozilla will update their site to reflect the change. i do not understand the theft accusation. exxonmobil made a lot of money because of a natural disaster. they had a larger market share in a market that had the same demand but limited resources. i just don't get where the theftwas. guy kawasaki is a fascinating guy and all, but does every one of his blog posts need to be posted here? disk space is cheap, but disk writing time isn't, is it? i was worried that would be the trade off. but i'm guessing my bottleneck is my internet connection, not my disk speed or ram. i tried the program last night and it seems pretty good. works well, good options and it connects for a couple of torrents i was unable to with bitcomet. i'm not sure why that is, but if it works, i don't concern myself with why bitcomet failed. it does seem like i'm connecting with much fewer peers than i did with bitcomet. i probably just need to mess around with the settings. as a thought experiment, i wonder what it would be like if instead of building their own stores, companies like a starbucks franchised existing coffee houses, helping them cut costs through collective purchasing power of the franchises, helping them manage their books, etc, while still letting the franchisees maintain their own quirky style. probably not as much profit to be made that way, but would it be viable nonetheless? similar to launch.yahoo.com but it's recommendations are based on song qualities as opposed to how many people like it. leads to being much less of a popularity contest. it's become my main method of discovering new music. next to www.pandora.com i think launch is the best system out there for discovering new music. people always focus on it's online selection of music but the real beauty of yahoo music is helping you discover new music. how do i read ppt files? very carefully. thanks. you're welcome. if you really want to though, you can get a powerpoint viewer for free off microsoft's site. www.last.fm rules them all! wow, looks like it sucks less. somehow i imagine that wasn't difficult. my miata can reach speeds significantly higher than is usually safe. it does so in response to user input, in a fairly predictable way. perhaps i should sue mazda. another music recommendation site in the same vein as yahoo launch and pandora. probably more similar to yahoo then pandora. domestic spying is as loaded a term as terrorist surveillance. if you're going to bash someone, can't you choose some better wording for your title. i don't like when i see my allies in this surveillance without warrant argument botching it so badly. javascript is often looked down on for how it is commonly used instead of being evaluated on its merits as a language. the more i play with it the more i realize how wrong i was in treating it as a piece of junk. anyone know where you can find a copy of the complete list? i tried google, but with no luck. we all know by now that you can't believe a thing he says. the way to get the best decisions made about running the british railway system is to put you in charge? kids would rather be the way they came into the world: naked. and as they adapt to the world of clothing, extra layers -- particularly coats -- add to their heightened perception of constriction. it feels like they're being really tightly bound, and it feels bad, i disagree. please tell me prez. w isn't this stupid! please? is what chuck norris exclaims prior to roundhouse kicking you in the head. db has become a millionaire because of newspapers. he thinks that they are finished. he may well be right. you don't see bush driving himself around in a beat-up ford tempo because millions of americans are too poor to afford health insurance. free version? downvoted due to the obnoxious back-button-breaking redirect, not the content. did anybody think to cache this? coral isn't working, and the site appears to be down. easy tutorial on how to add album art to you songs. chill out guys it's just a cool political simulation game that lets you recreate 2004 election. have we met before? on digg perhaps? fringe speculation -- vince foster was murdered redux they have absolutely no taste and i don't mean that in a small way-- steve jobs hmmm thanks, borga, for making reddit just like slashdot. that's a great contribution to mankind, too. hilarious just plain funny. these shot glasses are faithful reproductions of a winchester 12-gauge shell, terrific for a collection or for actual double-barrel enjoyment! yeah, it's ok. i told you so, the site sells cheap downloadable software. do they explain anything about the ton of bugs? you could just, y'know, not post comments dissing every article posted here. or, i dunno, make a point every now and then or something. all the people you listed have a style that makes their writings often come off as the absolute truth, true. as a critical thinker, however, it is your job to filter out any biases and extract any useful information and insights. is that too much to ask? i'm using this instead of firefox. it's just cleaner in my opinion. there's less in the way. plus ie just renders faster. wasn't 4k basic written on an altair emulator running on a harvard pdp-10 running tops-10 which students did not have permission to use for commercial work? gates was already a hypocrite 30 years ago. yes, that is a bit disturbing. i propose we go along with robert anton wilson's naming scheme, and give all kuiper objects disney names. so we've got pluto, ub313 could be mickey, and the next one we find would of course be goofy. no, i don't think so, why? i also have problems with what bush has done but. the title of the article is the white house memo'. the article goes on to say: channel 4 news has seen minutes from that meeting..'. what is this memo? what are these minutes? the rest of the article just quotes a book by someone who was not at the supposed meeting, nor are there any claims that the author saw any memos or minutes. openoffice.org has a freebsd version, and handles the .ppt quite well enough. open it with the impresspiece of oo.o, and then press f5 to fullscreen. left-click for next page, right-click for previous. note to myself - play with erlang's sdl interface! oooooooooold all illegal aliens are undocumented workers. these sets are equivalent. all people put under nsa surveillance are not terrorists. only a tiny fraction are. these sets are not equivalent. so, logically speaking, terrorist surveillance is not equivalent to nsa surveillance better headline makes all the difference although we should have caught the dupe in the first place. not bad, not bad at all i myself bemoan the level of screechy headedness that permeates american politics, but i'm going to have to disagree with you. when someone illegally puts me under surveillance, they are -spying- on me. yep actually i submitted this with a similar headline a while ago, it kept getting dislikes so i deleted it. i guess i shouldn't have given up so easily. and that's the art of maintaining code that wasn't written by you. suppressing the urge to run away or change everything. i have to maintain code in two languages i wouldn't have chosen for these projects. one choice was a bit of a design failure, too. but it works. and money can be made with it. the title says it all so is this available in the us? it's not free, you've got to buy it no, chucknorrisfacts.com has a pretty face and wants to sell you crappy stuff. ;) this could be an interesting development. i agree with shaperpmp this wasted my time, because i didn't notice the article was out of date. also, it's easier to look at about:config than to go editing .js files jeez. so what's the website address? i'm actually not complaining. i'm just not sure how i like that. and i figure if anyone else tries to submit the article they will end up here. sorry if i ruined a great article but this is pretty big news not something you won't see elsewhere i really needed a good laugh today. google is your friend. cell phone tracking turned up several likely-looking candidates, though that's not to say he used one of those. make sure you have the google toolbar installed big brother is watching you and soon everyone else will too, it seems. what a bizarre and interesting article, but why are the articles in this magazine so long now that's sneaky: posting an article on reddit that on its turn links to a list paul graham and guy kawasaki articles hmmm great title you've for that website - i would like it enriched with daily news ;-) who are paul graham and guy kawasaki? do these names often come up here? it is sickening what the west is doing under the guise of democracy and freedom'. the cartoon is clearly offensive to muslims and should be apologized for. online books, articles and audio etc. from noam chomsky. it's even easier to track someone's phone than he makes out in the article. you don't even need physical access to a person's phone. if all that person has to do is reply with locator some other canned response, then all someone has to do is use a prank text message provider which allow you to send sms messages which appear to come from any number you set. obviously that person will still receive the original messages from the tracking service, but most of them will probably think it's spam. virgin in the uk are the only network not providing tracking data to companies like this. scary stuff. a cool news site your work treats you like a two year old. what are the languages? i don't want to bother. wow, how cool is that!!!! i'd never heard of sawstop before. the videos on their website are amazing! rotflol :) hey! these guys are ripping off -- oh, yeah, jeff beat me to that post. remember you're theoretically writing this to the smartest, busiest person you know,that's not a theory in my case. i actually don't know anybody. if i manage to do anything real with common lisp one day, consider his point proven. until that day, the jury is out. i would guess that congress might be upset about so much of our nations bandwidth running through a single provider. also there might be some lobbying by cable tv to try and stave off the growth of iptv. personally i think that as long as demand for more bandwidth exists someone will find a way. short term this might cause some growing pains, but long term verizon will either put up more bandwidth or increase the amount publicly available. that and someone else could fill the space as well. exactly what i thought. i used to work at a subway as a teen. what exactly is so beautiful as a package wrapped like a sandwich? they must not eat subs in japan. democracy is more than just elections. next time i'm using a sausage as a push stick, i can rest assured that the sausage is still edible afterwords. this has been a major issue in my workshop. lots of brats shredded by table saw accidents. if they're so convinced it works, let's see the inventors fingers and not a cheap hotdog. flattery gets you nowhere, pandering on the other hand i think borga has a point here. looking at ie or exchange, it's honestly hard to believe anyone at microsoft uses their own software. even the old netscape still rendered pages faster than ie. exchange always was and is still rubbish! functional languages. careful that also makes you the dumbest, laziest person you know. morality is relative. there are certain things that you would surely find offensive, that i won't attempt to name. i'm not going to defend the controversy around the cartoons, because to me they're just cartoons and i don't care about them or religion. but if you're suggesting that there are no grounds to being offended perhaps you need to revisit your own views of morality and see if there isn't anything that is, or could be, offensive to you. as it stands, i am hearing your argument as i am normal'. what is taking something too far for you is not ok, what is not that someone else thinks is, has no grounds. you are not normal, or at least are not the measuring device from which to judge the justification for everyone else's sense of right and wrong from. paul graham has an interesting piece of writing titled what you can't say', where he discusses the taboos we have in western society now, and how in the future we might find those taboos ridiculous censoring. the ideas that are getting the most votes are tech related according to your statement, if i observe that the situation is far, far, far worse outside the us then i have no principles or morals because i made that comparison? not at all, you used that comparison to make the point that the us was tolerant of free speech. this is a bogus argument imo and it could be used to justify almost anything. you may not find it worrying that somebody is arrested for having a statistic printed on her shirt, but to me it's the sort of thing we would criticise in a country like north korea. the fact is that the us is seen increasingly as a threat by the rest of the world, partly due to these kinds of incident. that analogy is incorrect. the situation is closer to this: you and i agree that the string of written characters five represents the number of fingers on a normal human hand, but i think it is pronounced friv', while you think it is pronounced sank'. wasn't st. john of danforth clarence thomas's sponsor? not that i care, but for the washington post, the gop center is the girl that would be medium hot if only she'd shave her legs lose the ugly glasses for some contacts. what ms. gop center doesn't know is that there is a far hotter babe, sometimes ms. democratic leadership conference, sometimes somebody left of her, and that mr. washington post will drop ms. gc like a brick if the hotter babe is available. kind of a cruel game, and one that deserves to be made into a screenplay by neil labute, but amusing in its way. good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of those who govern. the machinery of government is always subordinate to the will of those who administer that machinery. the most important element of government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders. i feel that has quite a point, since past elections the demo part of democracy is hard pressed to have much more effect. oh, and i would feel very nerdy quoting that, but i haven't read it:) the second link is from june 2003, the first one seems legit. i notice death by choking on ham sandwich isn't included in the summary of causes of death feynman's own account of this is much longer, and one of his most excellent stories. you can find it in what do you care about what other people think?which is his second collection of anecdotes. the languages haven't been written yet. but we do have lots of good concepts which have been tested in languages like haskell and ml, which could really help game development scale better. functional programming is especially useful when dealing with parallelism, and that's one of the big things tim sweeney is after. sorry about that :-, islam is a religion of peace amongst progressive muslims. how many they number i don't know. i can't blame them for not wishing to speak out too loudly. amongst the rest, islam is a religion of peace in the sense of peace as submission to allah and to islamic law, for believers that is, and dhimmitude for non-believers. so, yes, peace is misleading in the liberal, western notion of that word. i think we ought to stop using the expression religion of peace with respect to islam. what else did you think it would save? i reckon there should be some kind of malkovich malkovich malkovich thing when you vote for reddit itself. seriously? since 1990? maybe i'm just completely uneducated on the subject. all i've been able to find on the subject is anti-libertarian, and i haven't been able to find any libertarian perspectives on chile after 1995 or so. no thanks. good analysis and realistic too. what you're saying is true, but my concern isn't with nationality of corporations. my concern is with class and property. if rich people do a good job of owning everything, median living standards could fall while net-human-wealth increases. we could be stuck with what a pakistani brickmaker would consider to be prosperity while 1 of the population controls the wealth. got all that. and i know what a pitbull looks like. there are people who couldn't tell a long hair chihuahua from a cocker spaniel. whatever. i don't see how a) relates to this topic. with b) you are right, but why is python more random than java? there are examples even for haskell used in successful businesses. so the point would be to standardize on the right platform, because if you and your competitor get the standardized-platform bonus, but you get some microsavings as well that's one point for you. update: see the guys in question missed out by a handful of runs but at least they have an equal chance of getting bank loans. yes, i'm joking. glad to know that happens to other people too - the figuring out what you're asking as you write the question in an email thing that is. does anyone else see the irony of that letter when you read it in context with the open source movement? no wonder linux caught him off guard - even 30 years ago he could not imagine giving software away for free and just look how disastrous that decision turned out for himi bet you he kicks himself about it every single day! true, that's why i posted it :d is there anything wrong with that? the title is quite misleading here. usa is seen second most negative from a selection of only nine countries; it's not like it were seen second most evil among the fifty biggest countries. interesting article, though. nice old article on portability - guru style :) hice cue graham's essay on writing essays. dude, cut it out with the ugly spamming. go buy google adwords like everybody else does. the book is from 1992. that predates the street lingo use of hater. simplistic enough to be inane'? one of the most infuriating things in software dev today? thoughtless meritocracy. hire the smartest 10.'if they're not real hackers, don't let them in the building.'if you don't understand closures, you're not a real programmer. what happens to the less smart 90 you don't hire? billions of lines of code are written every year by developers who are just about good enough, who produce software that's just about good enough, that just about does the job. so maybe they should be better. then we need to work to help to make them better, not write them off as unworthy mortals. i can think of half a dozen folk i've worked with who produce good-enough but shabby internal production apps who'd benefit from the rather basic advice in the irish dev network article. a real programmer is someone who writes programs that are really used'. we'd do ourselves a lot of favours by not using it to mean exceptional coder', master craftsman', senior dev', guru in the making really good analysis yeah, maybe the journalist's girlfriend never received a notification? you're right, except that they're both legit i was trying to show that the  had not changed in 2.5 years. i guess between 55-60 of americans watch fox news they're in good democratic company there: iran, china, cuba, pakistan, russia, sudan 1. people were offended, so the paper apologised. they didn't self-censor. apology != self-censorship. 2. the jyllands posten had a perfect right to publish the cartoons. offended muslims had a perfect right to boycott danish goods. 3. other major papers, it seems, are cowering out of fear of triggering a boycott and endangering the profits of gummy bears and german coffee filters in arabic countries.possibly; but possibly they're not printing the cartoons because they're not especially good or funny. a third of the emails i write i never send. it helps my thought process to have written it, but after leaving it open on my desktop for 30 minutes, i'll decide that it's either trivial, or should be said in person. small world i went to high school with that guy i've inadvertently done this many times. when i don't have time to figure something out at home, i'll email the problem to myself at work, or vice versa. it's amazing how different the problem seems when you read it the next day. all owners of purebred dogs can help fight cancer in dogs and in people! mologogo, alas, only works on the nextel network. it's funny how the whole article looks at how things are different now but doesn't talk much about how the changes are also making things worse. we may be making more money as a nation but the wealth divide is growing. i don't think that's necessarily a bad thing as long as people aren't starving but the home ownership numbers are going up even as median wages after inflation are headed down. the question is whether or not the unravelling housing bubble will take the rest of the economy with it. some comments are quite insightful. last.fm is very cool. install the plugin for your favourite audio player and it auto-updates your listening profile, then starts making recommendations. very cool. don't let school get in the way of your education. dad and son talking about internet in the year 2019 the question is. why??? the author seems to be up in arms rather about the secrets and not the successful'. this is fair game i think. that's the truth. we need to reclaim science from the dirty scientists and put it back in the hands of politicians. that's the only sane thing to do. they're the new tom peters, only less charismatic. megite is the newspaper for anyone interested in what's happening right now by intelligently uncovering the most relevant items from thousands of news sites and weblogs. hello captain obvious have you got a source for this? not that i have any particular reason to disbelieve you, but this obviously completely undermines the article, so it's a pretty major claim. you can have it both ways. in the us, the government props up the defense, oil, pharmaceutical, and technology industries. who do you think ad, gd, microsoft et al's biggest customers are? who do you think began the internet? pretending the us is a free market is a hilarious joke. edit: no it's actually not funny. it's just sad that anyone believes in it. thanks for the pointer - the game is very cool mine resembles a scraggly serpent of death what the founding fathers always intended. and when you work in a single-language company you are not allowed to choose another language for a new project. someone asked why google even used java at all? greg appeared to bite his tongue and then said that there are a lot of good java programmers out there and google hires a few of them. an attitude some of the more .. uh .. impassioned folks around here should observe. i wonder how long the author and his fan club will remain married. this essay reminded me of the works by professors, past their prime, overanalyzing the mundane to create themselves some work so as not to feel too useless while waiting to think their next great thought. and the government is growing faster than ever. big government is incompatible with a healthy economy, and it's just going to get worse. interesting read discussing the various advertisers and their goals for their 2.5m ads during the super bowl. also interesting to read what abc and the nfl do not want on the air, and who is trying to push the line. i like the colors he doesn't lean towards erlang. he specifically says he needs descriptive error messages. :d the disappearing one? maybe they're counting the bullets too. overview of how yahoo and google's core businesses work. he seemed to do okay in the software business in the end. yeah, and the great thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from. don't forget about all the dead standards', too. it's one thing to bless and rubber stamp some obscure specification as standard'. it's quite another thing for it to be effectively standard by the familiar concept of the adjective, that is, widely accepted, deployed, and understood. yet another one to the list of obvious-things-anyone-should-do. i am waiting to the blog post that says smart people shower, smart people breath, etc. maybe not, but i think the essential point was that we need a plain speaker who can present some unpleasant truths to people in an understandable way. bandwidth limit exceeded there's something like a billion and a half muslims in the world. that's a quarter of everyone there is. from a quick look at the census figures, 14 of the population in russia are muslim; 13 in india, 10 in france, 3 in the uk, 1.5 in america. are you really saying the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing? i can't believe this. i'm at a loss for words. well, this is one american who is saying, support denmark - buy danish!of course, the industry, forever the idiots, have been lobbying apple to raise its prices at the itunes store and even want a slice of ipod revenues. the ridiculousness of this request cannot be overstated. this is because the music industry is used to be treated like babies. i don't know about in the usa, but in canada the record companies get a cut everytime a blank tape is sold. does being offended give the offender's license to abduct, threaten and attempt to injure or kill? because in case you haven't been following the stories too closely, that's exactly what people are doing. boycotts, apologies, ok fine. but there are people out there who are looking to kill any random dane they find because of the weak association of sharing a nation with the paper that published these cartoons. like most extremism, it's the most specious of reasoning justifying the most heinous of reactions. so i guess fascism and communism are ok, because totalitarianism can't be held responsible for the people who actually implement it. false analogy. most fascist and communists regimes are oppressive and unpleasant. most muslims aren't suicide bombers. otherwise there'd be a lot fewer tall buildings and a lot more holes in the ground. i'll mirror and resubmit if it doesn't sort itself out tonight. from the picture on the guy's website i think he is the sad-loner type. maybe the us state dept will apologize to bin laden for the construction of the wtc. yet many people don't do this, unfortunately. here's another. this is just bizarre. i find the u.s. stance on this repugnant. i'm at a loss. this is the sort of free speech that is or rather was a pillar of liberty for the nation. what has happened to us? every government is a parliament of whores. the trouble is, in a democracy, the whores are us. -- pj o'rourke this'll be a nice one for the evolutionists to explain =) but in canada the record companies get a cut everytime a blank tape is sold are you serious? can you verify with a link? - canadian in toronto perhaps the author of the article should take a good long look in the mirror and then realise that he is the dolt. we all know kangaroos are pretty special, but it's their lack of flatulence, or more precisely the lack of methane emissions, that has researchers excited.there's some content, if you can get over the snarky tone. which is a bit hard to do. my irony meter went off the charts where he said that the original tips were simplistic, then for his own personal top 7 tips for being a successful programmer, he says learn how to program well'. ah, gotcha. i was going to include the blank cds, but the links you posted explain everything. smarter people may ask questions, but i seem to remember the idiots that ask questions more easily. this woman i work with - my boss handed her a self-evaluation. boss said, complete this so we can discuss it during your appraisal.after about five minutes, the coworker asks, so who is supposed to fill out this evaluation? can anyone do it? i said, here. you give it to me. i'll fill out your self-eval. are you kidding me? she got promoted. or you could just unsubscribe from the service, given that, as kam0 pointed out above, it's a legitimate, straight-laced service which has been set up with combatting stalkers in mind. cheers for that. never doubted you for a second :). it's ridiculous that such a well-respected publication can get away with publishing this bullshit. i'm voting this down, for what little good it may do. it's only karma. i know the frustration, but it's not a big deal in the scheme of things. and i think displaying the exact ratings on both submissions and comments is one of reddit's best aspects. sites which hide what's going on from the user in the name of simplicity or usability or something are making a big mistake; in my view, the more information, the better. plus i quite like the idea that people are rewarded as much for coming up with an interesting title as they are for finding a worthwhile link. i mean, if your link is good enough, it will be voted up anyway, but a title can really help an otherwise decent, but not brilliant, link to get votes. it's kind've like charisma in real life. mobiles don't have dial tones. turing did start seeing a jungian analyst and developed a taste for tolstoy, but neither is an infallible sign of madness. priceless :) i would say that they sympathize with those notions. when you have people singing pop music about killing jews and children being taught by their elders the osama bin laden is a hero and that if you die while killing infidels you'll get 72 virgins when you go to heaven, then you are seeing a culture of hate and death. why is it that thousands of people will show up to a town square to scream for the death of americans because someone put a koran in a toilet? i'm sure that there have been people who've torn off pages of the new testament and used them to wipe their bottoms, but jerry falwell doesn't go on tv and tell his followers to kill them. we are dealing with a culture in which the agenda is being set by bloody-minded perverts who can count on the ignorance and bigotry of their followers. that is why i can say with absolute confidence that the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing'. that map gesture is pretty hot. it's not bad, but that's nothing to do with the score of my comments or the score of articles recommended for me. so this is another thing that both evolution theory and intelligent design theory is trying to say proves their point? how annoying. going to another point, id can be taught in schools as soon as they bring in some compelling evidence. the theory of evolution already has some good scientific support. countdown to the denial 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 i'll give it a try. the wasp evolved this behavior in order to ensure easier reproduction. it was probably a cockroach eating wasp that already went for the head to kill quickly. then by a freak accident a wasp was genetically predisposed to zombifying and then laying eggs inside the roach. then later on the behavior evolved where the wasp's offspring would have a better chance of survival if the wasp managed to control where the roach went to avoid predators. over time, predators killed all the population of that type of wasps without that behavior and voila. all your base are belong to ushas already gone through several cycles of being meta-ironically hip. and? the best blog of pixel sites. the wisdom of parasites'. sorta like the wisdom of crowds? el peor blog, quieres decir. the article linked to does not make the claim that unix is a programming language. this is incorrect, misleading, and sensational. cue graham's essay on writing essays. inspired by that, i have been writing an essay on writing an essay on writing essays. unfortunately, i haven't figured out what the base case is, so i can't seem to finish. it's all so very existential. we already knew this.. would be awesome if it had useful information instead of being a big advertisement for what is essentially note taking software. yeah, i was about to say the same thing the blog is a permalink, but the blog post itself has no permalink. future readers will have to dig through the archive to find the article. i am pretty sure we could just make it implicit that learn how to do x wellis a good tip for all cases of x. the officer corps is also being hollowed out, as younger officers quit in such numbers that 100 percent of those remaining are automatically moved up the ladder. for example, last year the army promoted 97 percent of all eligible captains, up from as historical average of 70 percent to 80 percent. that's worries me: the peter principle meets an organization with a half-trillion dollar budget and lots of guns. like lottery players? :-d the he is me. does anyone have the full text of the state department's comments? alright, that's it. we are detaining all muslims until we can somehow expel them, via a constitutional amendment if necessary, i have some questions about this. can you tell who is a muslim by looking at them? can you tell who is a muslim by dna-testing them? if a muslim rejected their religion, in this ethnic cleansing scenario, would she be released from the camps? if a muslim wore a green star and agreed to have all his communications monitored, would he be released from the camps? would children of muslim parents also be interned in the detention camps, or would they be separated from their parents? would you have to be a practising muslim, or would coming from an arab-american family and attending mosque occasionally do? if you think the majority of americans would be in favour of a policy of mass detention without trial and religious persecution - would you describe their opinion as completely bugfuck'? when you have people singing pop music about killing jews and children being taught by their elders the osama bin laden is a hero and that if you die while killing infidels you'll get 72 virgins when you go to heaven, then you are seeing a culture of hate and death. i think you're describing palestine and iran - highly publicised and exceptional cases in the middle east. you may be aware that less than 20 of muslims live in the middle east. these pathologies aren't exactly common in russia, india, france or the uk. i can say with absolute confidence that the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing'. could you give some evidence that the majority of muslims in countries outside the middle east - the other 80 - are doing this? it doesn't work for states with a single, at-large, representative like wyoming, montana, north or south dakota. it's more likely to be iwillteachyourpenistobebigger.com. really great stuff here. not the usual google videos up here. happytheman says: these pathologies aren't exactly common in russia, india, france or the uk. russia: beslan india: kashmir france: paris riots uk: july 7th subway bombings so what is your point? what a lot of alarmist nonsense. also fails where there is a meandering natural border. who needs more than 640kb anyway? nice pictures, the only problem is that they show how old i am. that's one company, and do they do it because they are legally obliged or because they want to so to appear non-evil? yes, it states it's a legal thing, but i wonder how strict each country is this way, and how violable it is in practice. probably nothing to worry about, though. a speculative look at psychology professor seth roberts as yet unreleased shangri-la diet, which is said to promote weight loss through the consumption of canola oil and a dilute sugar water solution. coming to this space: comments on the importance of picking a good headline. some of these are so prevalent in comment pages, you could almost call the post a duplicate. whoah! she's hot. wow, i think they flew in captain obvious himself to write that article. i'm waiting for an article about water being wet to mod up. i think i see a nipple there. some earlier attempts today tried to do just that. corante couldn't handle the load and boing boing could. if you could create anything you wanted, why not? i wonder what the policy on racist or sexist cartoons are for american newspapers? these things are not illegal nor should be, or are called for to be, but people seem to whine as if they were. they were, however, in bad taste by just portraying negatively and having no point in the process. the paper was probably right in saying okay, that was a little much, sorry about that and this state department was probably right in saying yeah, that was disrespectful without any point. because it was, and that's most of the point. by not making a point it becomes a thing indicating prejudice, not criticism. even caricaturing stupid stereotypes. it's not directly related freedom of the press, freedom of speech, nor suppression of truth. this is the funnies section, mild conjecture at best and inherently simplification - sort of risky in any case. it is not a report of an event that is under threat of having its truth suppressed, and no one threatened the danish to stop this or -bloody-else. at least, we call for tolerance does not sound like that to me - but apparently it does to some. maybe they should have been ignored, condemned. yes, the response was over the top, but that's how offense can work - perhaps how it usually does work. shiva, not shakti. there is a large difference: that was meant in fairly good faith, as constructive criticism mixed with some deconstruction of some ideas that probably deserve a good looking at, --and obviously humour. it's done in relatively good taste. so is, for example, dogma, which pokes plenty of fun at christianity, but does so with fair respect and clearly more knowledge of what it is criticising that most viewers have, and doesn't caricature much beyond the need of condensation into actual characters. the cartoon has just faith that it wouldn't stir up a shitstorm. not necessarily bad, but it's hardly comparable in any way. yes. i realized it shortly after i posted. i'd fix it if i could. sorry. ahh the old dark fiber rumor i skimmed the article. i guess i'm one of the unlucky ones who's too busy with work to read that article at least right now. not that google didn't make any concessions. however, a slightly restricted google is better than no google at all. what's the name of the song playing in the background? i had it stuck in my head a few months ago. novell has been polling the public for the last month to find out what windows-only applications, if ported to linux, would increase the likelihood that people would switch to linux. more than 10,000 votes have been counted since the first week of january. i agree. the marketing is often just sniping. of course he has to do what he has to do, but it comes across as testosterone laden aggression. and we wonder why there are few females in this profession. i bet they would carry on about things like this. hey the pre-trial hearing is set for february 15th. if i had to guess and that's really all i can do i'd guess that this sentence from the news account is the key to understanding the situation: prosecutors and kubby's attorneys are reportedly trying to work out a plea agreement that will allow kubby to serve his sentence at home.true, if you are a technologist it's the virgin mary! sell it to golden palace! why not five sigmas? seven? ridiculous and unreal marketing term, nothing more. what makes americans great is that they have the freedom to fail'. notepad being used to take notes :). i thought it had always been the poor man's emacs capitalism is defined as: 1. exploration of wealth 2. accumulation of wealth distribution of wealth is implicitly built in 1 2 steps. socialism is defined as: 1. distribution of wealth exploration and accumulation of wealth is implicitly built in 1. guess that proves the theory that average faces look prettier. i wonder what the first java programmers had to do when trying to use java at work. when i think of the first java code and examples i've seen on the net, i don't picture these programmers as mavericks. more like little children trying their sinus scrollers with a different language. tell us something we didn't know. yeah, right. i once worked for a company where the boss switched the development to java and xml because it was cool. one student who helped with some projects in the past had told him so every programmer can pick up common lisp despite the many texts that say only demigods should use it. what argument is left? still the task at hand thing? i haven't described any circumstances for such decisions or what the company is like i work for. do you know if i even have peers in programming? the guy is obviously very smart. but i would not consider acting arrogantly in an interview hilarious. i think they are all redheads that's so awful! the only nice thing about it is that there's one less roach in the world there was that one reddit post from a long time ago about that one guy who had like 1 million contacts in the contact database who would do lunch like 4 times a day and had aspirations of gearing his life around potentially meeting donald trump someday. now that's schmoozing. oh. well, that explains it, then. puffer fish vs otter is interesting as well and tomorrow google opens chain of free hospitals operated by google robots and powered by google environmentally friendly nuclear fusion plants. sigh, gmail just doesn't thrill me like it used to. 4 star deluxe hotel near oxford street, marble arch, business services for corporate travellers in a democracy, what the majority wants is what everybody gets no, that's populism, something practised by mussolini. a bit like a blog to me. interesting. unfortunately for id people, no one has been able to demonstrate that something was irreducibly complex. i don't see how could prove such a thing. attempts so far have basically just been appeals to common sense, which is not a good basis for science. this doesn't bother id people too much though since the they are not advancing a scientific explanation anyway. que? the intended audience has a brain. i also threw out my tv in 1995. believe me people, you don't need it. nowadays you don't even need it to watch movies. go rent a dvd and put it into the computer instead. the reason i threw out my tv was that i was a total tv addict. i could spend endless hours vegetating in front of the tv. now i spend my time reading, listening to music, programming and what-have-you. i can really recommend it! you can't have it both ways. on the contrary, you have to have it both ways. if the government makes pro muslim publicity stunts like this they get more room to manoeuvre when invading muslim countries. it makes it slightly harder for the cries of this is a war against islam to stick. following the success of google adwords,google toolbar, gmail and google talk, today google announced its unique new product google speak'. has this man really developed the third eye', as known in buddhism, myth and religion. will it for food well written asking questions is an obvious thing that many smart people fail to do, but something his article did not go into more depth about is why smart people don't ask questions. this is a problem in our educational system: we are taught to know the right answer and not to think our way to the solution. there was an article a couple days ago about a teacher using the socratic method to teach students binary math. i believe we could become much more productive as a society if our children were introduced to subjects by asking thoughtful questions that lead their minds in the correct direction for the topic. i haven't watched tv for a long time, because everything what they spit out is pretty useful and annoying. buy this and buy that.. blah i've read one article about brains and how they act when you watch tv.. they're passive compared to situation when you're reading something. funny isn't it. this is getting pretty scary. huge network in one hands. skynet!!! me, too. i still watch about two hours a week, when those shows are on and if i don't forget. one of the most pernicious effects of the television, in my humble opinion, is the extremely short snippets it operates in. they shorten my attention span, and somehow, that really tends to make me unhappy, perhaps because my mind just starts flickering around in an evolutionary what's wrong?kind of manner. the rapidly changing pace of the flickering screen is really disturbing if you're more used to things like reading books. the author has a point, but i don't see it as a problem of islam, the problem is with the general concept of religion. it just surfaces more obviously in the countries where religion does have more influence. it's interesting that, at least on my system, the four google ads at the bottom of this web page are for sales of . . . televisions! :-) helpful to anyone interested in jewelry. a very informative site for anyone interested in fashion jewelry. that looks fairly busy. i hope there'll be a way to disable all the distractions i don't need - one of the things i like about reddit is its minimalism and lack of shiny interface distraction trade;. i stopped visiting the msn india because of that tiny ticklish ad that irritates me to no end. i stopped watching tv when i was 13. that was right about the time we got the internet. college brought tv back to my life in small ways, but i quickly dropped it again. now i just buy dvds. life is so much simpler without two addictions :) i remember reading in the book hacker ethic: you have un-interacting family's watching interacting family's i'd hit it.one of the computer labs i used to go to had a teddy bear that you had to describe your problem to before you could get human attention. i think they called it confessional debugging'. i would assume that writing things out is even more effective. what i don't like about the page is, it makes statements in the words under the pictures without backing them up with arguments. this is in wmv3 format which cannot be read by open source media players. i want to watch this, it sounds funny. anyone have an open format version of this? cut the cable 9 months ago - won't go back for anything. we still keep the tv for renting movies and the occasional xbox session, but that's about it. with so many folk claiming to have stopped tv, i'm surprised i've never met another in person. i stopped around 1998. it was easy because i used to fix them -- you get real sick real quick. let's hope you're right. i got the impression that the author of the text is at least as biased towards blindly believing jews are always good as the authors of the cartoons are biased towards believing jews are always bad. of course both views are equally wrong, there are good and bad jews as there are good and bad people in any subset of the human race. a comparison of thinking how to leverage the traditional core competency within company and the shift to thinking about how to deliver to the outside. to mine the gold that is outside the company. now compare this to tapping the community widom of reddit users? you are commenting positively on something you posted yourself? is this your own blog too? in my opinion, if they're so confident it works, they should run it into their own fingers, not a hot dog. great overview for beginners, and also not-so beginners great collection of smart quotations - don't miss the funny dictionary! i guess you will have to try yourself. if you only accept your own achievement as proof while at the same time refusing to try you can bathe in your ignorance for a long time. my thoughts exactly. i had read somewhere that the guy did test it on his finger, and i was hoping their website had that video. no such luck. there's probably a disclaimer, sawstop only works on frozen hotdogs. we are not responsible for any injuries occured while using sawstop.however those cartoons make hypocrites of arabs who say we should not offend religions. i suspect blood in a marketing video isn't going to help sell power tools. there are pro-violent and pro-pacific pieces in the bible. i'm sure the same can be said for the koran. violent people will use whatever they can to justify their actions or to convert others to violence. i haven't watched television in 10 years, but ever since then i've simply surfed the web instead i'm debating whether i've gotten anything out of that. as late as the 19th century, the koran was open to interpretation, too. averroes wrote a famous treatise about islam and science where he said that if the koran appeared to conflict with a scientific fact, then the common interpretation of the koran must be wrong. i don't understand how it works today. yep, just buy a dvr and you are game. how hard is it to give up a 19tv? but i guess the 13 one is better if you're going to be watching in a closet - especially if you also have to get a dvd and vcr player in there. actually tivo can make it worse, since then you will always have something available that you want to watch. my advisor used to say wouldn't it be terrible if tv was actually good? and dvrs have made his nightmare come true. the author is pro-jew would you prefer he was anti-jew? quit in 2003 because of netflix. happy with internet. if the arabs wanted peace, they'd use gandhi's strategy to win. the palestinians don't want peace', they want their country back - and that doesn't mean an archipelago of bantustans surrounded by tanks. i like the fact that you feel qualified to prescribe someone's philosophy without checking how to spell his name. deep. is quijibo a muslim that believes that or is he just trying to state the muslim position? when i read his comment, my first reaction was that he was doing the latter. you're still a consumer. why not try using your time to produce something? one little thing i wish to point out here. it's quite telling that this publication is using the poisoned term piratein reference to what these litigious companies are doing. they are casting an aspersion on a legal activity. frankly, i expected a bit more objectivity coming from an entity associating itself with mit i think these patent piratesare a fabulous conclusion to a completely broken patent system. by hitting large companies right in their pocketbooks, we will finally see some needed changes in the patent system. our well-lobbied representatives in congress will make sure of that. very important attention a dilemma. a decent article but i must vote it down on principle. title in all caps, you know. j.p., the inc. article below describes how he tested it on his own finger in 2000. overall his reasons are crappy and not really relevant to designers. i don't imagine one way or the other, in all fairness your making the assumptions not me. i know the muslim faith at this moment has been hijacked by extremists, but what i don't know is how many normal everyday muslims actually support them. this atleast in my case is impossible to find out. why do you say it's been hijacked? their violence is no different than that of muhammad and the immediate muslim leaders that followed him over the next 300 years. what do you propose they do? they are a tiny nation that is surrounded by a bunch of nations that hate them and regularly kill their people through suicide bombings and other assorted actions. need i remind you that israel didn't even start doing this stuff until the entire arab world tried to wipe them out in 1967? that's the kind of stuff they have to put up with on a day to day basis. your ethnic cleansing statement is way off, and though the israeli government does take harsh actions, it has to. it can't just stand by and be run over. the argument is pointless, thou shalt not kill is the 6th commandment. we can't accuse the usa or israel of following this rule when it comes to there treatment of muslims. we need a google filter man you have got to find out a little bit more about the social and political history of that region. everything to you is about my religion is better than yours. the fact is, these fanatics did not have the control they have now a generation ago. a president who lies under oath threatens our entire government, as he gnaws at the roots of our democracy. that's just meaningless rhetoric. democracy isn't founded on the absolute integrity of one man. people are imperfect. a president can make mistakes, and still do his duty to uphold the principles of democracy. best video i have ever seen. in what way is his ethnic cleansing statement way off? from what i've heard, the palestinians literally have deeds to large amounts of land in what is now israel,and the current government won't let them back in because the government could then no longer be both democratic and have a state religion. isn't this so? you would have done better to end with tanks. when you go on to make fun of the guy for a typo, you just seem desperate. how often are words used? poor guy. messed up for life for a theory. i think the reason the israelis don't mistreat the palestinians more is not just that they're afraid of losing support in the rest of the world, but that the country itself is divided. in addition to the extreme zionists, there is a silent majority who see all too clearly the parallels between how israel treats the palestinians, and how jews have been treated by oppressive governments in the past. a couple years ago, when the israelis were killing large numbers of palestinians, a cabinet member even spoke out against it, saying that the things he was seeing reminded him of the warsaw ghetto. silly me, i'd started to think i wouldn't upgrade for a couple of years. and the current government won't let them back in because the government could then no longer be both democratic and have a state religion. israel does not have a state religion. infact, much of the government is composed of secular jews. i apologize in my mind i associated ethnic cleansing with genocide, though the two are not synonymous. but really when you at it, israel's policies aren't that different from those of many other modern nations. ever since the us really got into the idea of nation-states, stuff like this has been going on, in czechoslovakia, yugoslavia, and several other nations where entire people groups were relocated in order to establish a nation for a particular people group. again, i understand what the israeli government does is harsh, but its not as if they haven't tried to make due with what more or less the un created. after totally routing the arab attacks in 1967, they could've kept those territories for a long time. but they haven't, and what do they get for trying to stand a middle position and giving back the palestinians the west bank and gaza? more violence. so more or less israel is between a rock and a hard place. israel realistically needed to be created due to the rampant anti-semitism that exists throughout the world, but now that they have a created state, they have to waver between keeping that state independent, and being accommodating to their neighbors - who more or less hate them. it's a hard place to be. it's in all caps in the page lt;titleist; too, so in this case i think it was just a matter of negligence on the submitter's part rather than an overt attempt at attention-grabbing. man you have got to find out a little bit more about the social and political history of that region. everything to you is about my religion is better than yours. i know quite a bit about the social and political history of islam, and there is no one who will deny that muhammad spread islam by the sword and that islam reached its peak through warfare. i'm not trying to say anything about my religion is better than yours', i'm just observing what happened in history. mouse - moose? shouldn't india be dell's customer support too? pretty good. cut you in half? you've been watching that german spoof safety video too much again. me too. i thought i had quit television, but realized i've just replaced it with internet. i definitely zone out in front of blogs and news sites. might be because the reddit community is still small which wars in particular are you talking about which the christian's war machines caused violent destruction? first world war? europeans invade each other's countries. not in the name of christianity second world war? fascists try to take over the world. fascists rejected christianity wholesale. rest of the world beats them. cold war? communists start taking over europe. west gets concerned and arms. no particular christian perspective to the war, except the communists banned all religions. vietnam war? north vietnam funded by china attempts to annex south vietnam. after a few years everyone in america gets tired of it and goes home. can't see the christian context there? the 2 gulf wars? over iraq invading kuwait and the search for wmds. again no particular christian endorsement. in fact most church leaders were quite anti-war. methinks you've mixed up christianity with the west. they are different you know. not every decision made in the west is automatically christian. i feel just horrible for this cat. is there anybody from the uk who can give us americans a better idea of the situation? is this guy a military retiree who lives in a military pension home? those are completely unheard of in the states. yeah, i was kind of miffed. throwing a cat at a wall is never cool, gravity or no. funny the islamic world would certainly have never bought these things in the first place: carlsberg and tuborg beers. danish crown hams baby back ribs, because they come from denmark. in honor of the latest multi-day, multi-site outage! you'd probably make google all do callisthenics in the parking lot too right? hmm i would love a us politics filter too. i hope reddit implements some kind of learning filter which denotes the kind of sites i always vote down could it be true??? used to love this mag, shame its closing it begins again.. this is pretty awesome. looks pretty cool. there's a principle of user interfaces that suggests as you make something safer, people start using it for more critical tasks, or in a more dangerous manner. in this case, i imagine we're going to end up with people who are blas around circular saws. that's not to say it's not an improvement. i don't get it. ten dozen centerfolds laying on top of each other? shouldn't this have been posted at nsfw.reddit.com?what gave you that impression? as far as i can tell it is just a series of factual statements about what the cartoons are depicting, no? sorry about the misunderstanding, but it seemed to me that you were coming to your conclusion about arabs agreeing with this stuff because the palestinians voted for hamas. anyway my mistake. gerrymandering can be a good: allowing two representatives to represent two different homogenous groups of people with similar political interest is more efficient than having each of those representatives representing more heterogeneous groups. however, perhaps if the representatives had to deal with the heterogeneous population they could find common solutions more easily. i suspect that would be a violation of the terms of the labor agreement after last month's strike. you can't be mass murderer and humanist at the same time. and what is castro doing in that list? no joke. i used to work at a lumberyard and was nearly run through with a flying piece of wood caught between the fence and the blade. it was a piece of cedar i was ripping. the blade got quite hot, bound just a bit and the 2 wide and 8 foot long strip expelled from the saw with such a speed that i had no clue what happened. i was even looking right at it, but the thing moved so fast i couldn't tell what happened. i found it lying 50 away. it flew nearly perfectly flat for 50', dropping not more than 1 over that distance. since objects moving horizontally fall towards the ground at the same speed as objects falling straight down, i'm guessing that for a board to cross 50 and drop 1 it needs to be moving like a motherfuckering tornado shank. my face was but 2 from the board, my hands about 4from it, when the thing went whoosh. will it ever be enough? this stuff gets posted all the time. where does it end? mac mini inside a cooper mini. mac mini inside a womb. mac mini inside a mac mini. this and that inside something else. blah. or they don't want to answer your question. i do this all the time. and how can we forget the greatest arab contribution: fermented beverages. a people that invented algebra surely needed some balance in life. the problem with the reddit system is the do gooder types that have this idea that you cannot criticize a link. say anything good about the link, but don't dare say that the link is quite awful. all those cigars -- lung cancer. killer. i wonder if i see troll. it's a little unfair to call sites like delicious a digg clone', it's more the other way around if anything. cool list though. check out digg.de - a total rip off of digg.com, but they have nothing to do with the actual digg people. perhaps, i should start reddit.de ;) probably north korea actually the sumerians were the first culture we know of making beer. they were not ethnic arabs, though they were in the ancient near east. fwiw, it is against most schools of islamic law to drink alcohol, most of the schools that do permit it are in countries that islam assimilated later, china, malaysia, etc. saw my first motorized couch at burning man in 1999 old news. :) this looks better than digg and reddit. fair rating of links. i lived within a mile of david souter's house for 18 years, and can verify that all of the details, save one, about weare are just about right. that is the beauty of it. people make like or dislike an article for different reasons, but the good ones will end up voted up. this article has reduced something to a singularity -- it's not so much about asking questions, but instead being engaged in learning. that's what you're suggesting. people who are engaged in learning take ownership in the experience. ensuring they have asked questions to fill in the gaps in their mind is part. that isn't something unique to smart people, but involved learners. i can't believe nobody's questioned the premise of this headline yet. i don't know very many muslims and non well, but none of the ones i knew were violent. taken literally, it's absurd to say that muslims always, or even usually, resort to violence. maybe the person who wrote that letter to the editor meant to say something else about the violence that we hear about in the news, but it's unclear to me what they were trying to say or why it's interesting enough to show up on reddit. methinks these gentlemen have a very, to put it simply, odd definition of humanism. these men you speak of - secularists, yes. humanists? heck no. karma doesn't mean anything. you can submit a thousand stories and still have 1-2 karma. you get like 100 when your story makes the hotpage. it's just a pat-me-on-the-back like digg's front page count. well, at this stage it is still a theory, isn't it? though of course the political appointee probably meant, theory in the sense of something that contradicts the bible. bmw.de was doing black hat search engine optimization to try to enhance it's rankings in the search results. google found out and banned em - dropping their pagerank to zero and clobbering em in the search results. strong message to other websites doing stuff like this. he's just trying to get traffic to click on the insanely high-paying mesothelioma ads. the article is poorly written and incomprehensible in places. regarding japan you're kidding, right? they mean india. you know, programmers. not so good with the geography, huh? hmm, reality is stranger than fiction. i remember a website that had scanned drawings from american adults who had been asked to draw australia. some were pretty close, most were blobs, a couple looked like the united states, one or two people did an oval with a question mark next to it - no idea. my friend was in new york, and was chatting to a lady on the street. he mentioned he was from new zealand and asked the lady if she knew where that was. she said yeah .. europe somewhere'. close, you're close', he replied. i think she distrusted it despite believing this -- she certainly thought that there were better ways to ensure a positive outcome than through government intervention. it is irresponsible to post a headline touting, gop candidate attacks opponent when the story it links to has no proof that the assertion is true. i'm not saying that i think the gop candidate didn't do it, only that insinuations are far from definitive. it is not at all unreasonable to imagine a scenario where a blogger with ties to a candidate becomes overzealous and takes things too far. if one were to do a google search on guilt by association fallacy, one would get many hits. yet another political link. boring. i'd like to know please tell. thumbs down because the site likes to redirect in a retarded manner. new first law of robotics: a robot shall not harm a hot dog, or through inaction allow a hot dog to come to harm. i missed this earlier -- i posted something similar above, with some numbers. most of the really brutal decisions were made by people who would have been offended to be called christian. you're kidding too, right? use gmail. aol and yahoo always sucked and will always suck. they are always for the money doicwehoahgdspugf-9earjnmyhs i teach algebra at an inner-city school. sure, the kids don't all know the multiplication tables. but with calculators, most of them can learn algebra more easily than they can the times table. the hurdle is getting them to accept that we can talk and reason about a number, when we don't even know what then number is, yet. and that we can use letters as place-holders for those numbers. that's not to say i ignore remedial work on arithmetic, but kids who've had bad experiences for years at learning one thing often find it harder to overcome their resistance to what they know they can't do than to learn something new. and there's no reason in the age of calculators built into cell-phones that algebra absolutely has to wait for proficiency in the mechanics of multiplication. handy guide for someone who doesn't know how p2p works, but really not that interesting. i'd rather know if their protocol works better than all the billion other p2p networks that attempted to use those techniques. it's always been too slow. try inputting it into itself. uh, no. anyone who's worked in carpentry knows that a large table saw can easily kill you. it can send a 2x4 through you like it was a javelin. in a warzone? what do we think will happen to the real incompetents? hint: probably not some kind of slow learner remedial training program. yes, yes. i'm sure they'll change the patent system so that it's completely equitable and doesn't add unnecessary market barriers for smaller companies. this is indeed very old, but sokal's contention was that his targets danced back and forth across the line of radical subjectivity when it suited them. yeah. saws are really dangerous devices. it's good they've developed such technology. the modern www standards are quite clear on how to make pages that are accessible to people with disabilities and to search engines. you can't justify poor design by calling it progressive. i love my ipod.. but not that much and therein lies the root of his twisted philosophy - give up everything good in life, including life itself, to dedicate your life to forcing others to do the same. a more purely evil philosophy could not possibly exist. it is simply self-imposed misery to spread misery, by force, upon others. i thought he didn't say it was open to interpretation, just that it described a different reality. e.g. there is the natural world and the world of the koran. the koran, when it doesn't concur with the natural world, doesn't apply. so the koran is still not open to interpretation; it just concerns a world that isn't our world. a bit like string theory, or some other seemingly unprovable system. that's quite talmudic, no? yeah, but that would be better rendered as love your jew-neighbor as yourself. the people of baal, the cushites -- verkakte! it is wrong to misinterpret the jewish religion as a universalist religion of love. it's a tribal religion, for the jews. i want my house carpeted with this stuff. or a large reservoir of it under the floor with air from the house cycled through. alternately i guess i could just drape the place in bras. while i agree with what you say, to be fair, pica didn't say anything about bush or how clinton compares to any other presidents. let's see what mobyturbo says to that. well moby turbo -- anything to say? did it happen? or didn't it happen? don't lie now, we are all watching. the pig face one has been published in the past. yay, go simon is it that they won't grow up or that they refuse to give up their souls and become part of the machine? i pity the author's child. has the names nagasaki and hiroshima no meaning in your mind? um was geht es da? ich verstehe kein wort! :-) :) that's a good one. the water looks odd because of the uncanny valley'. still very impressive though. haha, so a simulation of politics of sorts? they won't give up their souls and they'll continue to play their new best toy ever while their moms washing their underpants. i'm greatly relieved that not all articles posted here illustrate the phenomenon. and if it really achieved these speeds i imagine it would be out of sight pretty quickly, so it is even harder to control. i can't help but share it with my friends so hilarious! we all know in the it world this should be avoided, but it still happens, pretty often i bet. i didn't read the whole article as he repeats himself to often but does he mention anywhere what he considers appropriate adult behaviour? after his list of childish behaviour there isn't much left that could be considered fun, basically just work. would he prefer all adults to sit in front of the tv and do nothing after work? oh no, but what's going to happen to all those marvelous world's greatest police chase shows? this is a beautiful example of the division of labor and using the right tool for the right job. scheme is one of the easiest languages to write an evaluator in, but yacc is one of the easiest ways to write a parser. plug the two together, and i see how you've got a super-fast-path to an interpreter. this idea never occured to me before, but i will have to try it. interesting, but they could use an editor: a green laser light the officer also will have a remote unit, about the size of a device that unlocks a car, when they're outside the patrol car. what device would that be? a newfangled dooflotchy like a key? that's so badly laid out. haven't they heard of paragraph spacing? no one is going to read that unless they're really desperate. thanks my imaginary voices are transgendered it very much does have a state religion. non-jews cannot naturalize as israeli citizens without converting. many areas of israeli law are based on halkha and talmudic law. israel's single greatest problem is it's inability to resolve a secular identity with these and other facts that make non-jews second-class citizens. if israel were to become properly secular, jewish israelis may find themselves outnumbered overtime and in the same position they were in europe early last century - a persecuted minority. a good way of sticking to the man. go sawstop!!!!! latex anyone? the other caveat is that the drivers will know they're being tracked so they'll be more likely to carjack people every few miles. this is why there should be no regulations on starting a business. this guy is actually producing his wonderful technology himself, but who knows how many other people have had good ideas and didn't implement them because starting a business is hard, and all the regulations favor established large companies who have a head start and more resources. the large companies don't want to relinquish their market share, and the government is just helping them prevent new and better technology from being produced. it's ingeniously simple. i love hearing about things like that. i'm beginning to think that the best sign of societal progress is the extent to which people can prolonged adolescence. seems that in more brutish times, boys become men quite early, required to go hunt, kill, toil, and such at young age. hardly anything to aspire to. and, to echo some of emma's points, there is a world of difference between being eternally adolescent and simply immature and irresponsible. the article isn't all bad; i learned the word kidult', a label i proudly bear. oops! gotta go, my inner child is fighting with his imaginary friend. debian installation ftp server setup in debian web server setup in debian samba server setup in debian database server setup in debian time clock sync for debian server mail server configuration in debian vnc server setup in debian proxy server setup in debian ssh server setup in debian tftp server setup in debian dhcp server setup in debian iptables configuration in debian dns server setup in debian this link provides very useful software or tools for every linux admins or users. this software contains in different categories to choose from really good tools available in this 7x8 = 56 3 2 8-3=5 3x2=6 you don't need to memorize times tables but if you do this enough eventually you will. of course this is not the only method that can help out. i saw this on digg about a month and a half ago debian linux complete package administration commands with some tips you're right. the toy is cool, but the video isn't. it would be a lot better with a little editing, and without the vapid background music. searches still work as you'd expect. religion also creates a society that accepts people that aren't as intelligent as this guy. do you really think it's a good idea to leave 90 of the world's population out in the cold for the sole benefit of the 10 that can actually understand the humanist and scientific arguments for secularism? doesn't sound like a very nice thing to do -- or a very safe thing for that matter. i certainly recognize that organized religion is f.u.b.a.r., but its abolition would be too much for the world to take. programs that don't have to be installed just one easy download torrent this decision will ultimately hurt yahoo and aol, because their users will get angry when they don't get their receipts and other such transactional emails from sites that refuse to pay an aol tax. well, i posted it because it is a good and readable text, not the 100st interview or news story about dawkins. dawkins sees there is religion in the world, and as a scientist, he tries to explain its existence within the framework he normally uses. and that approach is interesting, whether you agree with him or not. very useful anecdote. it wraps up in a nicely digestible form a number of underappreciated insights: 1-human time is usually more important that cpu time, even when you are optimizing for cpu time. 2-higher-level languages tend to win in general because of this. 3-small-core languages tend to be more amenable to algorithmic improvement 4-algorithms trump optimization. and there is another facet to the liability issue. if sawstop did come to market and was proved effective in preventing accidents, it might be easier for plaintiffs to win lawsuits against manufacturers of traditional saws, because juries might be more likely to return a verdict against a manufacturer that chose not to implement sawstop. that's the main reason, gass believes, that the big tool makers are refusing to deal with him. they want his product to go away. but, of course, it's too late to put that genie back into the bottle. even if the entire industry unites in an effort to refuse this technology, that act alone could serve as excellent grounds for a lawsuit from anyone who loses a finger to a saw. a friend of mine lost his thumb to a table saw last year. maybe i should show him this article if it were me, i'd seriously consider suing for failure to adopt this tech. lightroom for linux would be good too. yes, he says, if i am right, religion has no survival value for individual human beings, nor for the benefit of their genes but he also says that religions real power comes in groups. but this isn't true. religion can give any individual hope or determination. i know some of the darkest times of my life, i got hope not through my church or some group of people related to religion, but rather through my own experience. it provided me, as an individual with a huge amount of survival value'. that was my first thought exactly. however, the article appears to be aimed at users who may not necessarily be very technically proficient. while i could not work without latex, it does have a steep learning curve for new users. do the math. 1 of the us market is 2 million dollars. they took in 1m of capital, and need to pay back out at around 10-20x to their investors, with a time horizon of about 2 years. 3 is about right. now, it would be interesting if some small saw company came to them and asked for a 1 royalty, which i would accept in their position. then the whole mess would start to fall apart for the big saw companies. they should ask adobe to port it to linux. i want one! with a little camera in the cockpit though, so i can fly it as a flight simulator. i probably should have, but i've never worked with any of them before so the learning curve would probably have cancelled out the time benefit. like i said in the essay guile's c interface is pretty good, so doing the tree-building in c wasn't really much of a hardship. he's been a busy man! fantastic resource for myrmecologist and aficionados! manual tampering, i suspect. drag your mouse over the link. on all the others you see the destination. on this one you see reddit's tracking url. and no sooner do i post that than they fix it. this desperately needs a better headline. this is really interesting material but it should be headlined the many directions of time or something like that. i just picked this cd up the other day and loved it. i was wondering if anybody did - it's a nice totally stupid idea january 31, 2006 adidas unveiled a new soccer footwear concept late last week in germany which could have far-reaching ramifications for the world's fashion footwear and sporting footwear industries. why do you think that you were presented with a representative sample? hi mcdonald's - yes most parts are a repost and this is stated clearly in the article: this was seized 4 u at nature by mark peplow. what is wrong by republishing articles, when you believe that they interest your special audience as long as you are honest about this? the site is named resize but we really also publish unique stories in the science and art area. it's a mix for the like'-minded. if you want to join write some posts you will be welcome just contact me at. jelly donut is da bomb! i use reddit to find old, interesting stuff i've missed as well as new, interesting stuff. modded up. needs a better headline dawkins actually argues that religion is a side-effect of a useful characteristic of kids: that they just believe whatever they are told. arguing that science has been a net negative for the world is fairly hard, arguing that religion is a net negative would be rather easier, i imagine. incidentally, it would be interesting to see if the survival rate of religious people in very hard circumstances is higher than that of the non-religious. if not, then it begs the question: why do anecdotes of non-religious survivors not get as much attention? an uncharitable response would be that religious people have little else to hype about religion in general, but perhaps it is that religious things make better stories. when richard feynman was dying of cancer, he had no late conversion to religion. he accepted that his death was the end of him, and he met that death with a dignity that we often associate with religious people. why is his story not widely known? perhaps it really is that religious stories tell better. i would argue the most popular games can easily top that as you see lots of people like me on the internet these days who say linux has everything they need except for commercial games. i think the question one has to ask oneself is wherever bmw is the authority on bmw topic - and hence has the right to be at the top of search results? and judging by the previous high ranki this site used to have, the answer seems to be yes. after all, doorway pages do not affect the pagerank or the placing of pages; they only affect listed keywords and the ability of people to find you using a broader set of words. the movie you request was done in 2004, starring kevin bacon, and it was called the woodsman. it is still useful to have a movie like brokeback mountain, and it is extremely well-done, even if it were useless. what you mean is distilled, not fermented. you should submit this kind of thing to nsfw.reddit.com, not www.reddit.com extensive and step by step tutorial on how to create a website header that is both stylish and curved. use your own photo backdrop. good tutorial for both beginning and intermediate photoshop users. sorry, i didn't mean to imply he said otherwise. i just thought i'd save others from the long winded version. it is certainly true that a government cannot make starting a business easy, but they sure can make it hard. an entrepreneurial acquaintance of mine from germany said that starting a business is hellaciously difficult there, and that this was a major factor in keeping some people who otherwise would start businesses from doing so. ok then i guess i'll have to pull tcl out of my bag of tricks i am not even sure what that is supposed to mean. exactly what i was thinking. beer and pork? if iowa or wisconsin was threatening a boycott, then it's time for the danes to get worried. but the muslim world? that guy, the knuckle dragging narrator, started doing other shows. train wrecks! or something was the title of one home video smashup thing that was on the other night with him as narrator. it would have been nice if this guy had spoken up at the time. it's also remarkably hard to beat. if you write a computer program to just flash the screen black and white over and over again, it won't help you beat duck hunt. it'll just give you a headache, because you can't get the timing right without some electronic communications between the nintendo and your computer program. hum. stats. shall we start listing religious wars that were religiously motivated, like the crusades? or shall we instead start with more intra- than inter-state actions, like the inquisition? or perhaps we should stay more current, like with the effects of roman catholic prohibition of birth control, and its effects in latin america? intelligent design? terrorism in the us against abortion clinics? economic expenditure on religious artifacts? what's your pick? if all of that is just too close to home, we can pick on other religions-even dead ones, so as not to offend. actually, it need not be the case that 50 benefit-it just needs to be a net positive. if 1 benefit a great deal, and the rest receive no benefit, it is net positive. interestingly, if a strategy helps you a small amount but hurts others a lot more at the same time, it would be the correct choice for each individual, particularly if the harm is mostly centered outside your immediate group. perhaps a more charitable way to respond to jesus freak is that the stats are likely to be bad for his argument, and that dawkins sees a plausible argument for why credulity is a good thing in kids, but not necessarily a good argument for religion being helpful in general. very good point. i'll remember that. one thing i forgot to note-chez is actually among the slower schemes, isn't it? this guy might have done better to use mzscheme, which has a truly excellent numerical tower. your headline is sensational and misleading compared to what's actually in the story. this article does not indicate if the guy knew, prior to powell's speech, that the info was wrong. in other words, is he saying he was in on a hoax, or that he was an unknowing participant? guess i'll have to watch now. i like the ! on the end, a tribute to one of their competitors perhaps? it is not clear that it is even done all that cheaply, you have to replace the stopping mechanism after each use as i read the website and i am guessing you may need to replace the blade. however, i'll stick with my conspiracy theory, as soon as i saw the video i guessed it could be done using the same technology for a touch lamp. and any engineer can imagine 100 ways to stop a spinning blade fast. first, you have to want to do it! um, people do this all the time and google axes them all the time and none of them get this publicity. ok, well wordpress got publicity too. but i don't think it's usually a benefit for the page shrunk website. he just used scheme to design his algorithm, which he rewrote in c. it doesn't really matter how fast his scheme implementation is. there were cheap pre-duck-hunt games that made this more obvious. a vhs tape played images where the targets had flashing elements, and you'd get a gun with a little lcd that displayed how many times you shot a flashing target. so i figured duck hunt out on my own by watching the screen carefully. aren't i smart. duh. good point. i wonder what the difference in speed was between his final c version and the scheme would have been? to me who's never read this article, and i expect others as well, this is new. i'm happy for them to be posted, and if they climb in the rankings other people are too. mod the story down if you find it old. easy! thanks : ) someone who actually answers a question for a change. though i know mzscheme has a c compiler and probably others. so it would have been interesting to see how his c version compared to the automatically generated one. i don't know tcl, so please elaborate. yes, any idiot could have figured it out just by playing the game. nothing too amazing here. ugly reasoning. and why couldn't one ask those questions to people who condone heterosexual love as well? is this an argument for why pedophilia should become de-stigmatised, or an argument for why all love should be made taboo? i'm guessing neither, and am struggling to see the point. my cousins and i used to play duck hunt in a room that had a big mirror in it. we would shoot the gun at the tv's reflection. worked just fine! bmw.de behaviour was bad, but the unbiased data is that now people searching for bmw germany are no longer getting the right result. 1) in this particular case is not clear if google is helping users to find the right site. 2) i think search engines should have algorithms that are able to compute how search results are returned without human attendance of the form hey, this site is using bad stuff, remove it from the index'. in a perfect world the algorithm for search results should be at the same time public and impossible to cheat, like believed secure crypto algorithms. if this is not possible at least i think it is a good idea to write an algorithm and let it run without humans verdicts. removing sites from the index by hand is for search engine like all that ugly conditional expressions used in spaghetti code to handle special stuff in the code flow ;) commentary on wolf singer's article the brain - an orchestra without a conductor that's a general issue, and generally unanswerable by any search engine; people's criteria vary. i certainly expect the bmw site when i search for bmw. sadly, we no longer seem to be able to get google! monthly updates anymore. hmmm, wonder how we'll keep up-to-date with what they're doing :) function over usability is the philosophy of linux and oss apps in general. so there is no way gimp would win out on the intuitive front. i know i will get mod to oblivion for this. but the truth has to be spoken. i always thought nevada, bikini island, and chernobyl have stronger impressions in americans of being radioactive than a country that has one of the longest life expectancies in the world. you don't geddit, google's content is a list of millions ranked by amounts of links. reddit's content is a list of things ranked by reddit reader's opinions. the opinions matter, not whether it's from a long time ago or not. the year doesn't matter, the word new in this case is about if it's new to reddit readers. you picked the wrong meaning of new, change the way you think about new articles or stop bothering us with your wrong idea about it please. it's true that reddit's motto needs to be changed because emergent behaviour of reddit rules created a site that doesn't filter according to the date of the article. however, you should have seen that and said: obviously the motto is outdated but what reddit has emerged into is useful to the readers. instead, you basically said: reddit's motto is so we have to change the whole behaviour of the site even though this behaviour is obviously good for the readers. i'll say it again, you chose wrong, you should have kept the behaviour and discarded the motto. why did you make this decision? is it because reddit's motto has more authority in your mind than what the others have commented on your first post? don't take language so literally, it's just a fairly accurate representation of what the writer meant. why is there a russian post on here? speak english or shut up! that theory makes sense. since we tend to think in language, it would make sense that we encode memories in language, so if we have no language, we have no way to encode. pbs? five people might see it. nah, the music is cool, in a retro-80s kinda way. it's the soundtrack used in top-gun'. highway to the danger zone! riiiiiide in-toooo the danger zone! actually it is more like usability for power-users over learnability but i guess you mean that. this new version adds support for mailto: links and context menu for quick mail compose for your gmail accounts. he took 5,000 words to say this: religion exists because children believe what their parents tell them, right or wrong. wow. can i get my oxford appointment now? i'm a little tired of the same old cruft on reddit. thankfully, the recommended tab doesn't include this kind of redundancy too often. agreed. it is just a matter of starting. you end up having a good amount of files that you reuse and reuse. note that g. w. bush too has committed perjury. google funeralgate. though he has not been tried or found guilty, there is clear unquestionable evidence. the worse scandal is that thanks to republican cronyism he will never be tried, and justice will never be served. snack p dansk eller luk dine munn! mli r  slensku ea lokau  r tjllanum. who wants to yield their tongue to the monotonous english?! is it me or was this article written very, very, very, very, very, very, very poorly? on second reading, no, it's not me, it's the writer. interesting, it isn't necessarily a solid mathematical formula, but gives you a good framework for thinking about how efficiently you're spending your time on various tasks. probably too simplistic if you're someone who actually creates formulas for determining productivity though. true, but a solid mathematical formula probably would be overkill when it comes to deciding if i should change my oil myself or have the service center do it. i should have said his chosen culture perhaps. he consistently refers to western culture as something weown. he may have a muslim name, but it seems he identifies more as a westerner, which is perfectly fine. i don't read the article the same way you do. his agenda is that the west should not apologize for itself, across a very broad scope. this is great when he means contemporary freedom of expression; not so great when we're talking about british rule in india. why didn't he adopt this techbuy replacing his saw with a sawstop saw? they were available before his accident. he never was. no manual tampering one way or the other it's just a regex that fell through the cracks. once again, life imitates science fiction. specifically, oshii's ghost in the shell. i can think of several other places were tracer rounds didn't mean phosphorus trails following the path of the bullet. they named a compiler after stalin? isn't that, well, a little obscene? are there any named after hitler? you do need to replace the blade; the brake stops the blade by slamming a block of aluminum in to it. i don't think it really matters though. let's say it costs 100 every time this thing stops. it's probably less. how much is your finger worth? would you let me cut off one of your fingers for 100? build something foolproof and they build a better fool. there will probably always be dirty tricks, and i think this is the best way to deal with people who use them. the purpose of delisting isn't to improve search results in the short term, but to improve them in the long term by punishing abusive behavior. big lou's regular parsing library is so close to yacc that the ramp up time would be entirely negligible. i'm not sure about guile or mzscheme, though. 20 mpg to 30 mpg?! there's no way that there's that much inefficiency in an automatic transmission. a standard transmission is only a few mpg more efficient than an automatic at highway speeds. and a standard transmission is about as efficient as a transmission can get. it's a direct mechanical link between the engine and the wheels. so where is this magical 50 increase in efficiency coming from? you can criticize a link, but you have to be respectful. the comment you just made is a good counterexample: do gooder type is not respectful, and neither is your use of sarcasm. it's easy to be respectful when you're making a positive comment on something you agree with, but much harder when you're disagreeing. this proves again why conspiracy theories are false. everyone takes every opportunity to blab after the event. but what is it? where is the video of his eating his own dog food'. the only video i saw was with a sausage. close, to release it under gpl he only has to make the source available to those who he gives the binaries. seems to be more about the guy than about the actual device and how it works. even with the direct link of a manual transmission, i could picture there being some way to improve efficiency, but 20-30 mpg? seems unlikely surely the greatest loss in modern cars is still in the reciprocating action of the pistons? i was imprecise with my recollection of the date. it was october 2004. the sawstop shipped in november 2004. even if it had been later, such a small company would likely have not sufficiently permeated the saw-buying consciousness. i'd never heard of them before today. how does it relate to the conspiracy theories? i don't understand your point. far behind by candlebox good look at some of the best super bowl ads. i suspect the gains from a good continuously variable transmission would be more significant in city driving than highway, but i seriously doubt it would beat a manual by any more than a manual beats an automatic. it is short for static language implementation'. it makes sense, when you compare it with dylan'. conoces alguno mejor del tema? hehe they might have complained about apartheid in public truth is israel is the country with whom south africa had the closest military ties during apartheid we developed assault rifles, fighter planes, nuclear bombs, and long range missiles with them how often do religions actually go to war against each other? all i can think of off hand is the crusades, and the small scuffles between catholics and protestants after the reformation. it's orders of magnitude less than countries going to war against each other for conquest, or wars of ideologies. obviously dawkins has no children. children tend to believe the exact opposite of what you tell them. just wondering how could the second best post of all time not have any comments. generate excel files and open them to the user with php i suspect your question can be answered fairly easily after you answer another question: what features does python have for designing algorithms that scheme does not? huntington comes to the rescue. understand that western values are not always universal. this is one guy that wants to feel safe from all conspiracy theories because one other guy actually admits to participating in a conspiracy. news just filtering in from japan about a 15-year old boy being arrested in december for driving and doing stunts like a video game with a real car! walled garden. where was mission accomplished!'? you'll have to devise a safe way to test it as well. not sure that this article has any interest for reddit readership, aas it doesn't explain how the new device would work. i think the key word is nearly'. sounds like the us taliban is about to eat one of their own. so when did he buy the table saw on which the accident occured? does he have additional safety equipment installed on it? does he have a power feed so that his hands don't need to go near the blade on many cuts? was he using a push stick, a blade guard, a splitter, safety glasses, zero clearance insert? the burden of proof is on the believer. this is a common fallacy called shifting the burden of proof'. the believer asserts that something is true unless disproven. it should be obvious that this is not a rational position to take. this is actually a dup i can think of at least five better ones that they didn't use. example: the misunderestimated clip. they could have done the whole top ten on just bush's invention of new words and grammatical confusion alone. .in jail!anybody know the precise date they dropped the !'? i hope you read this very carefully. ;) why do we forget our childhood? i didn't forget my childhood. takk. -- from a half-norwegian good info pointing to multiple high-yield savings accounts and cash-back credit cards from a couple of places. how did you substitute the url with the text what if disney's prize wasn't pixar, but jobs'? the gps tag activates at impact. it transmits the car's exact position via a wireless modem. an encrypted cellular backbone delivers continuous position updates to the starchase server that pushes location-based information to authorized users through a password-protected web portal. sounds to me like the reporter cribbed this paragraph directly from the manufacturer's promotional literature. you nailed it. if we spy on 5,000 and find one guy who's plotting another attack, we have done due diligence in protecting the american people. sorry for the loss of liberty, but we've got to take reasonable precaution. i do a lot of overseas calls, but have nothing to hide. anybody that wants can listen away. consistent set of principles'? he's a handsome guy in a suit with name recognition. that's why he was nominated in 2000. there is one the insider for every industry, no just tobacco and fast-food. investigative article exposing sites like freedownloadhq.com and 1000downloads.com that charge people for free programs like emule and firefox. i'm shocked search companies proclaiming mantras like don't be evil list these sucker born every minute sites in their sponsored links and page ranks. dark matter does not exist, it is a contrivance formed to explain data in terms of general relativity which does not fit the model that general relativity implies. check the model, not the data. i read, and then re-read, the article and have to disagree with many of the claims from firsthand experience. i have vivid memories from the age of three that were not from stories related to me from others, but are from my own memories. i've told these memories to family members who have been very amazed by the vivid details -- in lengthy detail -- that i remember about certain events. and, as a past student of psychology and sociology, i subscribe to both the freudian and jungian philosophies on many issues, and do not negate freudian teachings on all but literary analysis. i do not think you can simply make a blanket-statement to cover every child. every person is different, and different characteristics apply to people on an individual basis. thou shalt not copy-paste text directly from gmail into wordpress bad bad idea ;) note that although the scheme program ran fast, he still had to do a bunch of work to get it there. whether we consider this more noble labour than monkeying with assembly is kind of irrelevant wow. someone sure went through a lot of work to rediscover the joys of goto. now that goto has been rehabilitated, and is called continuations, we have finally gotten over the considered harmful debacle? but look at what it's cost us. warren according to that page, it's only around 50. speculation: about 20 of cryptonomicon could be snipped out, packaged into articles, and promoted successfully on reddit. that's not too shabby for a book with 900 pages. personally, i like the author's way of capitalization to humorously promote certain objects to proper-noun status. can someone explain to me. you are working with a tool having an exposed saw blade that revolves hundreds av turns a second. it is used to cut thing that is a lot tougher than a finger. you use it even though there are other tools that are more safe, probably because it is faster. how can you sue the manufacturer for this? it is not like there are any hidden threats. the analogy with the car industry is not valid. volvo made it self a very good name by building safe cars. there was no us government that forced them do it. volvo was perhaps not a pioneer but they certainly sold a lot to safe seeking parents with small children. this suing paranoia in us is very hard to understand for the rest of the world. islamofascist is a good definition. i am a recently converted dane. i love how you posted al jazeera's publishing of this ap article! not enough very in that sentence to convey how incredibly poorly that article was written. i'm glad somebody else noticed it, too! and yet, that's the primary use for it. and when you read rss hype, that aspect of it is referred to. what do they mean by can be used in labs?well, i think we should stop wasting people's time by testing them for dangerous diseases because the vast majority of them are usually fine amirite? reddit did it automatically why would one want to remember childhood? i am content with the assurance that i had a happy one. hey, at least nothing was set on fire. this is a great improvement -- as much for the html cleanup as for the presentational aspects. au contraire, islamofascist is a meaningless term, a cheap attempt to conjoin islam with facism, one of the western world's taboos. islamonazi is another cryptonomicon play. the irony of course is that fascism and its close relative nazism were european and western in conception and mythos. it just doesn't transfer outside the culture. so you would agree when i say that america is the land of the nearly free? while i'm no tech wiz, i consider myself pretty hip to the whole online thing. i can't help being fascinated by the cool things of the online realm that the geniuses of now have come up with. so, no real background for any sophisticated critique, yet quite willing to declare the new stars. looks more like here's what i happened to see on ehub this week. it would be nice to see such lists backed by something more than it looks cool. a solid run down of the best mmog podcasts available. must every article about technology being written for a hardcore tech geek audience? new features for warcraft! yesterday, a bunch of norwegian thugs stabbed a random fellow norwegian of palestinian descent in the throat, after they'd seen someone burn a norwegian flag on the television. but that's not very interesting, of course; they were drunk, and everybody knows that stupid things happen when you drink too much. zak's point was that it is not terribly important if rss breaks through into a market it was not designed for. that it is useful to end users is an awesome, but still unintended, side effect. one of the best books i have ever read. now requires subscription worked fine for me. isn't fascism about a lack of freedom? it might have been an idea that was first implemented and understood in europe, but doesn't mean it can't travel to other parts of the world. ideas can be adopted anywhere, for good or bad. i agree. in the article itself, it makes mention that the children can remember and properly identify the decoy toys. now, someone please correct me if i'm wrong, but don't these count as childhood memories? with my mother's help, i have identified that i remember as far back as about 18 months old. of course i don't remember words about those memories i didn't know any! but, being able to describe a house i lived in before i was two counts for something, right? this is the worst theory yet. please continue the variations of development in the hypothalamus. i had a friend once who, in college, was trying to recall a specific equation, but couldn't. as it turns out, he had learned it in spanish, and had to recall it in spanish to proceed with the calculation. this seems to indicate a side-note to the article's evaluation of memory and language. i thought the reputation system took care of it. if you mod down the submissions they won't get much weight. perhaps a spammer like this could be banned automatically once they have a certain level of negatively-modded articles. slub makes a good point that the reputation system does not prevent people from using it for search engine optimization. i love the look on his face when the engine starts :) actually, it does. if you look you'll see that those articles are all marked rel='nofollow'. free press would have been a good thing had not journalist shun away their social responsibilities in name of editorial liberty. child poverty index is defined as the share of the children living in the households with income below 50 of the national median. sounds pretty useless to me. you can be somewhat free but not too much, just like you be somewhat pregnant but not too much. the links are about coercion to pay fines for not staying in the bounds of puritanical morality. therefore it is relevant evidence to counter the claim that they certainly don't expect their beliefs to be immune from criticism, mockery, or dissent. thank you for adding your citations. some day i too will write something entirely devoid of content. i have tried in the past but was unable to keep myself from making any meaningful comments. nevertheless i will eventually succeed, thus joining this article in the illustrious ranks of internet drivel. what is a us serial number and how would i go about spotting one? what makes them so recognizable? possibly if you hatched yesterday the lucid portions of this might seem new. isn't that teen vanilla ice? mon ami, of course is not a meaningless term. instead of one crazy leader, muslims have one crazy book written by one crazy person. it is nazism itself what such religion does with women. i think the article is a little bit over the top. but one strange thing is water being more expensive than gas. apart from the work being done in static typing, most language design work seems to be done in scheme. therefore, it looks as though it's going to stay 12 years ahead of everything else. that isn't to say it's going to be 12 years better than everything else. just that the good ideas you see in 12 years will have been tried first in scheme. and the bad ideas you don't see in 12 years will also have been tried in scheme. tell me your opinion then? good riddance regardless, i don't like being at the new page and modding down up to a third of the articles. i rather be there to mod up a third of the articles. preventing may be the wrong word, but tracking down and getting rid of people who lessen the experience of this site should be considered. high time this toll of 70,000 women casualties was highlighted. this guy clearly needs to be fired. python is very nice language, but it is really not going to win in any benchmark against compiled languages, unless you write the s l o w parts in c, which is s l o w process :-) i like the comment at the end: your parents help you hook it up. yeah, right. circa 1986, most parents couldn't hook up a vcr. agreed. the system relies on the diligence of those users who are willing to take time out to do this. it could and should be done better. by the way alec are you in any way affiliated with wapo ;o) with continuously falling theatre attendance maybe it is better titled the end of hollywood'? although i would agree that they are not now, they will be eventually. since there is no accepted standard there is nothing to absolutely say what is right', and that kind of uncertainty always seems to lead to problems. why should i have to do object detection when trying to do practically anything that involves interacting with the browser in javascript? because there are no governing standards, or they are not being adhered to. this float issue is much the same. have you tried filtering the water? also, sometimes it's your pipes; if they're old, get them checked out. in this case, language may have been the only remaining neurological pathway he had to access that memory. the more varied ways we access a memory, the more pathways we build to access it. with time and disuse, many of these pathways die off as brain cells die and are replaced by others. whoa, dude weapons grade cartoons what about when mikael or someone says something doesn't exist and announces that it is fact? still haven't really got the hang of that tactthing, have you. being a norwegian, i have followed the development in this case avidly. i must say it gives me great relief to see moderate muslims putting up an apology like this. i will defend personal freedoms with my life, and the arab people will have to swallow down its anger and accept our freedom of press. yet conflicts have more than two sides, and it is obvious that we have offended the muslim population gravely. i care little whether moderate muslims are in majority. the fact that they dare speak up at all is enough for me. remember that the arab population is completely foreign to the personal freedoms we have in the west. a norwegian student present during the burning of the danish embassy in syria said that the greatest difficulty he had regarding the cartoons was making people understand that they weren't representative of the government's policy. go figure. for myself, i take this apology to heart and am deeply grateful that some muslims are willing to attempt at peaceful coexistence. the washington times is owned by rev. moon. yes, that one. this should become one of wikipedia's greatest hits. the biggest problem is that these spam posts come in floods, and they push good articles off the newpage quickly making it impossible for good articles to get enough votes to move from newton hot'. in that way they do a lot of collateral damage. there were times when saying the counterexamples you name would have caused a serious stirr to. give them some time, their sixties have yet to arrive :) but they will, eventually, i guess combine that with the score threshold and it would be fairly easy to keep most people from seeing bad links. while humorous yes, this is almost two years old. this would just result in the spammer creating a new account, which reddit make as easy as possible as part of their business model. this is spam true, but they get modded down so fast that, as long as you have your filter set, you don't have to see them for more than a few minutes. there should be a report spam feature on this site. i've been using the feedback page to report people so far. i wish i had known earlier. the sudden announcement ruined my chance of sending one before the last date. banning seems futile, though, since you can always make up a new nick. video no worky. i think that reddit needs to find a way to stop nasty little rashes like this. well, you are a believer. no. i am not. do you always assume that people who disagree with you do so out of ideology instead of a careful consideration of facts or ideas? if so, it's an impressively modern way to go about the world setting yourself above everyone else. update never mind about the snarkiness. am i the only one who finds some of that text very hard to read? if you're using firefox go to view-page style and select no style'. :) and we all know that only the newest stuff makes it to reddit. should be ok now. please try again on the main server. thanks. i think that is a smart way, putting the site onto a blacklist to weed out spammers. i wonder whether there should be a seperate button to mark spam explicitly, rather than the voting system? so you could different just bad article vs real spam. lame examples, lame. maybe you can have a chat with salman rushdie and learn something. duped i think a flagging system like craigslist has might be a good way to handle it. my mistake, apologies again. i would edit my earlier reply but i reckon that would make an even bigger mess it's a good article isn't it it's got a lot of good info i hope everyone enjoy this like me and how should i dress? buy the no, i will not fix your computers from thinkgeek. yeah, classic. i did great in algebra when i took it. i would often finish the classwork and get started on my homework before some more confused souls could finish their classwork. often i would be asked to help those who i never talked to otherwise, much like karin would not of been talked to by johnny in the article. this article is much better than the previous one that appeared on digg. the author appears to actually know what he's talking about this time. i think what the author was trying to convey is that even though a full system restore wouldn't be needed, a user losing all of his pictures, documents, music files, etc. would be almost as devastating as having to restore the entire system. remember, the users he's talking about are the non-tech-savvy ones who just want to start their computer, do their thing and not have to think about anything else. you may not like what he has to say, but he does have a point. so let me see. your newspapers portray insulting stereotypes of a discriminated-against minority in your country so they get hopping mad and demand an apology. you're right: typical fascist behaviour, on the part of the danes. how brave of you to pick on the smallest kid in your classroom. much better than pay-for-pixel copycats. cool. i think this is a good thing. as people have said before, lisp is not only for the crazy geniuses. imagine to yourself a cartoon of martin luther king sodomizing little children. are you seriously proposing an american newspaper would publish something so gratuitously offensive in the name of free speech? of course not: because that's the line between freedom of expression and incitement to hatred. and a cartoon of mohammed with a bomb in headdress goes way over that line. the current findings are based on data from nearly 7,000, 11- to 15-year-olds from 132 schools across the country. first identified students who had reached puberty in 1995 and then investigated their experiences of victimization during the following year reddit just for the pic best commentary on the case i have read so far this should have been headlined where did firefox come from? yeah, i like the little king! i agree with this suggestion. when you mod something down you're supposed to be doing it to train a filter, not to mark something as spam. there's a difference between an article that bores you and one that you feel is an abuse of reddit, and the ui probably should reflect that. ahhh the minority bullshit. just a second i need to stone a raped woman and i will be back. i agree in general with your comment. i don't think it is naive to argue that if bush did the crime, he's got to do the time. that wasn't my point. i don't think it's naive to suggest deserved punishment. i think it's naive to say if bush did anything illegal'. that's a conditional without meaning. either it is impossible for him to do anything illegal, or he has already done illegal things, plans to do further illegal things, and has said so publicly. if you have arbitrary enforcement, you don't have rule of law. if that is the proper criterion, then i think you're saying we don't have rule of law. or perhaps break the law, and be prepared to be punished if you get caught. sure. whatever. don't you agree, however, that it is immoral to imprison someone for giving marijuana to a elderly person in order to ease pain? in the unlikely event that i wind up on your jury for such a crime, prepare to walk away. that . . . was . . . horrible. why didn't they have better rapping i mean agh really its the legend of zelda and it's really rad. come on, unless this was meant to be this bad, in which case its funny, that commercial would never make to the superbowl. you don't have to be a genius, but it helps to be crazy. :) i am still in school and i chose bottled water over the water fountains mostly because, well those are school water fountains, but at home i chose the tap water. this article reminds of a hilarious comedian, jim gaffigan, from comedy central presents. well, the big bang is just a theory. and it's not even all that satisfactory. but, the actual quotes and the way in which this 24 year old war room veteran pushes an obvious agenda are genuinely disgusting. i remember when i would play this at my uncle's house. i used to think it was the shiznit. and then i found the nintendo 64 and games like conker's bad fur day. run little squirrel, run. epicnicbasket.com has a toll free number. i imagine if 10,000 reddit users called. oh, never mind. :-) hindus may consider it odious to use cows as food, but they do not resort to boycotts, threats, and violence when non-hindus eat hamburger or steak. they do not demand that everyone abide by the strictures of hinduism and avoid words and deeds that hindus might find upsetting. i guess the author has no passing familiarity with occasional hindu-muslim clashes and rioting in india that has been going on for many years. many of the individual conflicts originated when a hindu would release pigs in a muslim neighborhood, or a muslim would throw a dead a cow in a hindu temple. you can google hindu-muslim riot', to find articles on various riots. what do you mean by a pager'? note the christian newspaper label. i wonder if anyone working there would describe the paper as a christian newspaper.understand this label, and you will begin to understand the real problem the west is having with the east. quick poll: reddit should have a separate spambutton chicken is hardly what most people would call a fast scheme. typical blog photos of kittens and complaints about other bloggers. same old. although reddit won't allow negative karma, maybe the system could calculate a person's actual negative karma and then silently throw away submissions from really low karma people so it takes them a while to figure out they were banned. otherwise they would just make a new account. from the numbers in this article, it seems to me that if you had a 33 tax on bottled water, it would solve all the world's water problems no one rapes children in the name of mlk -- granted. but there are groups of folk who blow up abortion clinics and burn books demon music in the name of jesus. 150 years ago it was common to defend slavery by quoting the bible; the good book has been used to justify all manner of atrocities many of them recent. don't be too sure of your moral superiority here. you should also look into the radical reactionary shift in dutch politics in the last ten years. this is not a bolt from the blue. i almost voted for the spam button, but i'm going to have to go for worse is better here. i think it should be harder to get negative karma than it is to lose karma, and i think that it should be hidden from public view for the reasons jedberg mentioned. some sort of rate limiting to discourage submitting a bunch of links from the same site all at once might be good too. deeply disturbing. i'm not sure why. some of them use a waist pouch too, with some gadgets inside and a usually a calculator. i see what you did there. =) it stinks! how about lynching the first black man you see after a white woman is raped? muslims do not have a monopoly on depraved mob violence. test 2 excellent article! now come and get mee too! the title to this is a misnomer read the article yesterday in print. reactions: 1. a south park episode isn't much to build on. 2. is it possible that the uproar--which struck me as utterly fake--involved janet jackson because she has given occasional indications of being a real person, where justin timberlake seems to have been die stamped in a boy-band factory? 3. on the other hand, yes, you need to tell your sons to be responsible. 4. good for her confiscating the hat. 5. teaching human sexuality education'? she's sending those 7th graders out to teach human sexuality'? wow. lol forgive me, but the notions of might makes right and us versus them are more dangerous than any cartoon. and you represent what kind of innocent minority? there's still no better judge of content than a human. so there's no better solution than that. however, adjusting posting privileges by people whose articles have taken a nosedive in the past sounds like a good idea. let's call radical islam what it is: fascism. its ugly. don't be surprised if we have to fight fascism again. it wasn't nice the last time around - left my great grandfather blind, and grandfather with lifetime malarial complications. but it was worth it they told me. i can confirm this. i live in flagstaff, az and whenever i go down to phoenix i drink bottled water. however, i have had water at restaurants while i'm there and usually it tastes just fine. perhaps most restaurants use purified water? the mess being the very real danger of another war between western countries and the middle east, of which this little incident is just a part, and the abysmal lack of understanding displayed by the op-ed and the comments on this page. instead of arguing points, you resort to slang and insults. if two random people who speak the same language cannot really communicate about this issue, i'd say that's a serious mess. finally something that works: perfect egg boiling time from formula you suspect that mwenge is a terrorist? used this several times before, its great. i just wish that it could make overlapping groups of nodes.. that was rad. i quite clearly understand that most of the middle east is now rioting because somebody in denmark used a freedom that we consider to be the most sacred right we have as people, in his own country, and they don't like it. well, tough. he didn't do anything to any of their countries, and their laws don't apply in his. if there has to be war, then i don't know of any ideals that i would rather fight for than freedom of speech. they are not more likely to react violently. they have reacted violently. when i read their cartoons mocking and insulting my people, it makes my blood boil, but i support their right to create and publish them, and i'm certainly not going to go set the nearest mosque on fire. who cares what the cause is. it's not acceptable today. i have a very nice and well maintained bridge i would like to sell you :-) come on - i know there is some radiation - but 3w? and enough to boil an egg? that would not be a suspect of long term cancer or give you a slight warm feeling on your ear after 30 minutes talking - that would literally fry your brain! so this is what it's like to be danish doesn't feel all that different. globe has a weird random registration', as if they're testing out its impact or something. you should be able to use bugmenot anyway. i can't wait it reads to me as just a matter-of-fact description of america. as if he's describing the weird reality of america saying it's regrettable but saying it from a bird's eye view. the complaint about the age of an article is going to become reddits equivalent of slashdot's first post why do they call it the clash of civilizations'? i can see only one civilization here, whereby civilization mean a civilised, educated, open, empirical, non-theocratic, judicial and progressive society? it is; a featured article'. exactly. japan is not a part of europe, but they happily joined up with hitler and mussolini to form the axis powers. yes try a filter. our mediocre water tasted great after getting a filter, and it works out heaps cheaper than buying bottled water. a jihad on all who click on the above link. osama sees all your ips. the western papers printed these sacrilegious cartoons on the pretext of freedom of expression, so let's see if they mean what they say and also print these holocaust cartoons,he said. who want to start a company it's the same thing on every web site that has user contributed content. there's always at least one person who's already read about it, and they always feel like complaining. :p that's a nasty, dismissive opinion there. i guess you prefer unintelligent viewing like the majority of the populace? ;p it's an important point, though. no amount of ranting, railing, and truth will do any good in a democracy unless it gets publicized and understood. and that's where bush always wins. however, at the same time there is a need to realize that freedom of expression is a responsibility that should not be used to gratuitously insult people's beliefs. well, i guess that means no more south park :-) about 10 seconds after you do this, all the spammers will rewrite their spam scripts to create a fresh new account before posting spam. then they'll maintain a dozen or hundred random accounts to vote up their spam -- however many it takes to get things on the home page. the only way you're going to prevent spam is by filtering based on content, with a nice bayesian filter. this is three years old! exactly what american newspapers said the holocaust was a hoax? the lazy way to get hits on your lame blog .. get out the torches and pitchforks! normally i'd mod down someone pimping wares like this, but that's a pretty awesome shirt, actually. indeed. muslims with a keen eye for history, and an open mind must be horrified. for years it was muslims leading the way in medicine, and many other fields while europe was stuck in the dark ages. what happened? i agree - here in az - even my dog hesitates to drink tap water. given the choice, he will always choose filtered water from the water store over tap. spammers will sabotage it by marking legitimate articles as spam. perhaps if you weight it based on the percentage of the submitter's own articles marked as spam. saying it's bad because it's rushed, while true in some cases, is a pretty simplistic explanation. first, there's a lot of reporting that comes out that isn't late-breaking news'. many of those contain false statements or other bad reporting -- for example, the wine story's false conclusion. second, there are many instances where reporters intentionally lie or practice self-deception. i don't think that being rushed is a good excuse for bad reporting. so it was a lunatic's pamphlet, not an actual published newspaper that was generally on sale. wow. that's got to be the most blatant press hit i've read in a long time. guns don't kill people. people kill people. with guns. i really would like to know what the percentage is. but i doubt it's that small, hamas did get elected in palestine, for example. but hey, if that minority seizes power, well then, we're screwed anyway, even if they are the minority. whichever works better. i am not sure it is banning them so much as requiring the user to clear them with the models involved. the reason for this would likely have to do with the model's future career. if i used the images in such a way that the model lost future work, well it is only fair to check with the model, no? i don't like that there are touchy subjects out there, but i personally would not like to have my photos used in a piece of anti abortion literature, others might fear for future jobs if their image appeared in a religious context reddit can be news, just like anything else. which one detail was wrong? i had the same thing. on the later versions of adblock you can just right click the adblocklink in the status bar to disable it. gmail chat appears to be a web interface to google talk, which by the way, it's worth noting, is just jabber. people on google talk can communicate with any other jabber user at any jabber server anywhere. this is a very good thing. you can protect against that by only counting spam votes from people with a certain amount of karma. lolololol they not use l1sp, the l4mers badly formatted and mostly well-known information about apple's powerpc woes. it's interesting nyc tap water has probably contained these little critters for some time. as long as you don't know about them, it's not tragic that you eat them, but once you know they're there, you have to filter them out. the first thing this makes me think of is ignorance of the law is not a defense'. except this situation is different it's not ignorance of the law, but not being aware that the law is being broken and it seems like it's only conscious, willful breaches of the law that matter in this case. when you take any sort of class on how to educate others, one of the first things they teach you is, never say the word obviously, because if it were obvious, then you wouldn't have to teach it.this comment box is too narrow, it's a problem. what would be cool would be one that somehow tried google first, then coral, and then the wayback machine. all automatically. although there was little new information in this article, i found it to be a pretty good summary. not random -- certain imams used the cartoons as a lever to get support for a boycott of danish goods and it's basically exploded out of control. there is a lot of latent anger in the muslim world, whose source is not that hard to figure out. oh great, just what i need. a complete, searchable archive of all my online chatting :) conscience breaches of the law is exactly the problem here -- now that they know there are forbidden animals in the water, the have to do something about it. it's pretty easy to detect a shill bidding ring', if you will, with some simple graphs of connectedness among accounts. there is no need to filter based on the content of the websites. i love the diplomatic language of why anyone would want to go off the record;-) it would be really nice to have a reddit widget. where you can see the last 10 posts, and be able to rate the stories. help! reddit users. digg is took my submitted link off the queue in short order. do they have a censorship or what? what are they afraid of? stockdigg.com is for stocks and investing while digg.com is for tech news, and there is no conflict of interest here, is there? fundamentalist christians killed them in the crusades? it is not censorship if the submission just promotes your own website. i didn't notice the article is from 2000. thanks for pointing this out. how is an interesting article less interesting by having been unread and unknown for a longer time? sure, if it's actual news news that's less interesting later, but this is just arguing for a relatively timeless point in the first place. all i can see is big add for 8.5 i'm sure the point there was something like can use more than two concepts in a sentence without inherently making it pea soup.haha! spolsky mod this man up immediately! to me, a controversial page listing pages with a large number of votes positive plus negative might be more interesting. sometime you submit something, and first it goes up to five then it goes back down to one, so you know it has a high absolute score, even if the relative score is only bleh. is there one publicly available from a mainstream newspaper on the web? i am completely against the lunatic response from the islamafia and i do support freedom of expression. however, i do believe that no prominent western media outlet would have the guts to publish any denial of the holocaust, except in reference, freedom of expression or not. they are some of the least racist, most open to non-whites, most generous and universally compassionate people. they donate a huge amount of money, every year, to non-white poor people even if we were to accept your stereotype as being correct, is that kind of behaviour really such a bad thing to aspire to? you seem to be suggesting that anyone who views the world with an open mind and rejects racism is somehow nave. so i'm quite happy all this is going on; i just hope the muslims do something much worse soon enough, so that the lesson really sinks in. i find your lack humanity incredible. so we should all hope for death and the loss of innocent life? would you willing to accept the murder of your friends and family so that the lesson really sinks in'? as i said above, your criticism of tolerance and desire for bloodshed seems to suggest that you have more in common with your enemies than you seem to realise. wow when exposure to conservatives and their views becomes the talking heads on news-com-entertainment, right wing blogs that don't care what the facts are, gop politicians and ideologues, a president who scores votes with a simple guy next door routine, and an army of flag-wavers posting drivel on the internet, it becomes hard to afford right wing views any sort of credibility above emotive appeal. to hear a bush supporting conservative who thinks, is doing so with experience to draw from, and who can and will speak to us candidly on many topics, it's a whole new experience. that mp3 is one of the best links i've found from this site. one of the posters to tfa makes a couple of good points: fine in theory, but with the multitude of shapes and sizes of incandescent bulbs, its not changing bulbs that is the problem, its the cost of changing the fittings as well. and how about dimmers - few of them work with discharge bulbs dave, shrewsbury, uk one word: great! the article also suggests that the 14-hour showdown in the laakkwartier in the hague was to get mohammed bouyeri, who was in fact arrested within minutes after he killed theo van gogh - he tried to die in a shoot-out with the police. in the laakkwartier only people of the hofstad group were arrested, of which mohammed bouyeri was also a member. doesn't exoticmean non-mainstream by definition? you can't, as skype is using a proprietary protocol. that's exactly what google wants, too. ;) compact what? that's so 1980's. try leds now. i vote for pulling out low scoring articles and users, however, make sure the threshold is not going to hurt unlucky posters. based on that, could we have a dislike all articles of this user button? preferably on the user's page. that way it's easier to vote down all articles of a spammer, with just one click. i don't agree with your examples, because muslims have a right to be offended about religious things. they do have a right to be offended, but they don't have a right to react the way that many have and start murdering people, rioting, and destroying things over it. but i hope it goes on and on -- i hope the danes get a long hard lesson in how these folks behave. is like saying i hope that somebody betrays your trust, so that you'll realise you made a mistake in trusting them.wouldn't it be better to say, i hope someone rewards your trust so that you will be justified in having trusted them. some eye opening events occurred that seem to place this court squarely in the pouch wearing, outback hopping, marsupial category.he's nuts, but he's a nutcase who can write well kill this spam! when the gulf countries run out of oil we're all screwed. 90 of the industrial world's population starve to death, everyone else goes back to pre-industrial rural economy. but if a spammers account gets very low karma under your system, why can't they just sign up for a new account? ipod shuffle is basically dead, that was predictable. google knows too much about us and with the feds running after them to expose user data; storage of chat dialogues sounds like a scary proposition. it's true, i died shortly after puberty after the mouse going voip, it is now the turn of another computer peripheral the keyboard to gain voip. good point they would have to be a pretty dedicated spammer, however new page browsers would hopefully be able to identify the pattern, even with a new account if he keeps posting spam, new page browsers would simply keep demoting him, ensuring that his time spamming here is wasted. if all works out, the spammer would just stop posting here because it's not worth his time. a real story of how laughter spread like an epidemic over large parts of a country. it lasted for over 6 months and schools had to close as a result. talk about disruptive technology! that's a pretty trivial complaint expressed in a lot of words. besides helping a community is not just measured in number of jobs. how many people have used craigslist to get an apartment cheaper? how many sold stuff they wouldn't have since they couldn't afford to place an ad. how many got a better quality of item due to more selection. how many dollars exchanged hands locally rather than being diverted to ebay? his argument is that everything is now optimized and perfect and any change is bad for people. this isn't the sort of argument that has improved people's lives at any time in history. ethanol sch methanol :) negative karmas are would be very bad in scaring away new users. i found no problems using gmail with opera 8.5 and opera's own user agent identification string. as for they hype, in this case it is rather justified. unlike some of google's more lacklustre recent offerings, gmail is extremely well designed, especially in comparison to its rivals. while ajax has probably received undue attention, in the case of gmail it really does make a significant difference to user experience. news about software naturally you wouldnt give a guy negative karma if he's only submitted a couple articles. but if a guy constantly has -20 ratings on every post he submits obviously he's up to something. i'm sure the reddit guys could set it so that it's fair. i'm with mnemonic sloth. it's ridiculous to suggest that the government should enforce such a regulation. this might fly in the uk, but i don't think it'll get much support on this side of the pond. that may be a dumb question, but why should i not buy cds from sunncomm? something about this rubs me the wrong way. namely, that i can chat with someone, have their words in plaintext on my screen, and yet that person has the ability to prevent me from keeping a log. will i be able to copy and paste into a text file? or will i have to take a screenshot, run it through ocr software, and save it that way. it seems like a stupid feature and it makes complicated what should be simple. i have to wonder if they realize on a conscious level that they are undermining their industry by taking the originality out. it is a classic example of everyone for themselves. everyone is only concerned with their own profit motives, so their entire industry as a whole suffers for it. it would be in their collective best interests to enter into a bargain whereby each studio agrees to spend a certain budget on experimental movies. imagine experiencing this first hand!? astronauts have the coolest job. i have my tent gun bound to the 3key.. there was a bit of controversy in the washington d.c. area a couple years back. i don't have links, you'll have to do some research yourself. at any rate, the epa standards for safe water aren't quite what you might think. the local water company had to test houses for lead levels in the water supply. according to the regulations, as long as less than 25 of the houses had lead levels above the limit, that was ok. the kicker is that even if your house was above the limit, they didn't have to tell you that. i guess there is no substitute for getting your water supply tested in a lab. and checking the local regulations. it's your life. it has to be socially negotiated; it has to be a decision between the two chatters. they can't go off the record unless you agree too, or at least the way i'm reading it. nobody is forcing the people of burlington, vt--or wherever craigslist is--to use the service. they use it because presumably they like it better than the alternatives. if you don't like craigslist, don't use it. if you don't like starbucks or home depot, then don't go there. but if lots of other people do like these establishments, then what can you really say? i guess you can complain a lot about how people have their priorities mixed up. but you can't just force everyone to feel exactly the same way you do. christopher hitchens. even when i agree with him i hate him. me fail english? i didn't think it was mohammed. surely it's a violent protest i wonder how many people expressing the sensible view of if you don't like it, don't use it would express the same view of a walmart or whatever. i know a few commenters certainly would, but it seems like a lot of people ignore this when talking about their favorite free-market hobby horse, as if market pressure is somehow equivalent to government coercion'. what's so weird about high-contrast images sticking on the human retina if you stare at them for a while? doesn't everybody know this since childhood already? ha ha ha - tyranny of the local newspaper'. i longed for the day myself and my proletarian brothers and sisters could throw off the classified shackles of the boston globe, and glorious leader craig has delivered us from the oppression of the newsprint! viva la revolucion! that would work for me. there's no such thing as proof by precedent. in the 14th century a large number of people believed the earth was flat and was orbited by the sun. probably more appropriate on nsfw.reddit.com it must have been hard work spending those long hours on an underground sound stage. i see jesus! it's a miracle!!!! i think this cartoon really captures the whole point. people burning cars and embassies to protest a cartoon that says their religion is violent. oh the irony. man thats so hardcore!!! i agree with the author! and i also wish the scribes hadn't lost their monopoly on the written word. if i have to listen to another newspaper man using his newspaper to cry and whine about this, i'll puke. short answer: leds are, in principle, even more monochromatic than fluorescent bulbs. i think that in this context you have to assume people are willing to pay extra for the new bulb, whether it's led or cf or something else. if so, they can get fluorescents with better phosphors and ballasts that all but eliminate the pasty white flickering light of cheap fluorescents. in the near term, the extra cost of leds is never recovered in energy savings compared to using cfl bulbs. in some cases, it's cheaper to make an led that emits uv and coat it with phosphors, than to blend a few colors of led to try and get whitelight. it is an active area of research though, and i expect we'll be switching to leds within ten years. does gtalk support transports for other im systems yet? that would be cool, all my yahoo, irc, msn logs will be saved to gmail! i don't like stories that ring alarm bells, but offer nothing to help. don't worry; this feature will be hacked in approximately 2 seconds. ;-) fans of jim morrison and fred chopin might enjoy viewing this film it shows their graves. it is a quick visual tour of the older part of paris france showing familiar and unfamiliar sites. it has the eiffel tower but also has a view up the elevator shaft to the top. this site also has a link to a site that has the movie as well a map and a list of the sites shown in the film. this film could be helpful if planning a trip to paris or just a souvenir of a previous visit. of added interest is the soundtrack which was computer composed in the style of french accordion music as still heard in the metro. if people are upset enough to care, they'll buy their coffee from other people. they might even get bored and trade in lattes for some other fad. in my town, the sbux went out of business last year and got replaced by a hookah bar. actually, the author suggests using hardware or software to remove dangerous html content from email messages and implementing firewalling on the desktop. i don't like commenters that comment without reading the story they're commenting on. no, the article says it's a myth: what happened there can more accurately be described as mass hysteria due to stress. he also points out that one person laughing more than 20 continuous minutes causes respiratory problems, making an uninterrupted 6 month laughing epidemic implausible. anyone dealing with insurance companies could use these nugget's of wisdom. insurance is not bad, you just have to leverage the system to get your full benefits the feds aren't running after them to expose user data. the feds have gotten whatever spying information they want from google. the feds just publicized one case because they thought it would help them. i don't believe that has happened, my post was in response to the original thread i tend to agree with hopper on this one. while i sympathize with those who are searching for the golden loophole in the tax code, they ignore the most important point: the law is whatever the judge says it is. what do you say to all these conspiracy theorists that ask does the moon really exist'? what must i reactivate in my web browser to see what's so funny about it? please vote this article to the top--everyone should read it. the media like experts, the more confident the better, though tetlock found that more confident means less reliable. this overconfidence is what i find most repulsive about experts.many bloggers, writing about everything from web 2.0 to personal development, fit this profile. interesting view of the current state of evolution nope, not interesting at all. this whole situation is just more evidence that religious folks suffer from a debilitating lack of humor about themselves. it must be exhausting to be so incredibly shrill. the event has been mythicized as the article says. but it is true that there was a mass hysteria that lasted for more than 6 months with symptoms that included an unusual amount of laughter. no one claimed that people laughed non-stop for 6 months. that unpossible! i think the main problem with the danish cartoons is that they were racially offensive. this has been totally mixed up with the blasphemy element by provocateurs on both sides. seriously is this the guy who runs quantumbiocommunication.com? this is a ridiculously long article, but anyone who's read the similarly bulky cryptonomicon should recognize lots of common themes, and even a few characters. enoch root has unfortunately declined to be interviewed for the article. no, the law is what the law says it is. the reason people don't do this isn't because they believe the law to be wrong, but because the irs is a very dangerous foe, and can destroy your life. they're not willing to risk it's wrath. that doesn't mean that the irs has a valid position. they're just the federal equivalent of the mafia. wow. just, wow. unfortunately i don't have any of my legos any more. i wonder if you can do the same thing with ninja turtles why not use the hide button for this functionality? well, that's true. i saw an article a few days ago about virtual card numbers; i had never heard of them before, heh. they do sound interesting and useful, but with the services offered to most consumers by most card companies, it is rather easy to not be held liable for purchases made with a stolen number. with that being said, sans a virtual number, you would probably have to get a new card number and a new card, which would be a pain. maybe virtual card numbers are more than just a niche convenience, after all wow! this is going to be great! already using gaim not sure i need another chat client sorry that was an ali g question posed to buzz. i wasn't posing it seriously. this tells me nothing i don't already know. boring. this is a podcast. comments happen within the first 5 minutes. i've seen the cartoons, and any racist angle would have to have been inferred; there's no explicit racism in them. agreed. perhaps the author feels some kind of cognitive dissonance now that he is no longer solely responsible for holding economic growth and enormous radioactive lizards in check. craigslist as a walmart for counterculture, anyone? um plans? diagrams? it's hard to build from a photo! meh. why is this amusing? excellent article re what a micro-isv needs to do in a beta and how a good beta program can jumpstart your sales. one of the key things that the author missed is that on a home system, usually the user has root access, so most of the security of having separation of privileges is lost. in os x, it is trivial for any program to get root, because all it has to do is pop up that little box that says this program is requesting system access, please enter your password which most every user does without even realizing what they are really doing is giving sudo access to the program. what a weird story. it felt made up and leaves too many questions unanswered. potentially fascinating if true. never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by clerical error. in the article larry keeley says: consumers are just not conditioned to believe that a 300 or 400 device is disposable. yeah maybe not, but when your ipod eventually dies  you've forgotten a long time ago about the pain that spending 400  causes,  there's a better model out and you feel like replacing it anyway. 33.3 nostalgia 33.3 hack 33.3 pointless; still 100 macintosh.the last attempted clinic bombing i'm aware of was on 16 sep 2004. in 2001 there were over 500 anthrax threats. the mormon war is an historical event. look it up. so now we are playing a game of whose religion is more depraved'. well, mine only had two lynchings and and a sniper last year, so it's ok to call you uncivilized. what tripe. let go of the hate, man. recognize that you are being manipulated into thinking that muslims cannot have the same fears and; motivations as you do. their leaders are working as hard to manipulate them as this jerk jacoby is to manipulate you. a problem i have with this article is that it seems to make the assumption that everyone is rational and has perfect knowledge. it seems to me that the reason that one says something like we are running out of mathematicians and scientists and we need themis to fight the people saying, no one should be a mathematician or scientist because your job will just go to india. the purpose is to sway public opinion into thinking that these are worthwhile jobs again. there isn't any real messing with market forces. it is really just a move to get people to remember that we will always need mathematicians and scientists and there will always be jobs for them in america, regardless of india. all votes are equal. well, there you go. so now the question is: why? don't you know? that's how they can claim that israel existed as a jewish state prior to both the first use of the word palestine and the invention of islam. why not? dead link. why ask why ask why ask why? but really: because people who post things that other people like should be a better judge of what is good. thanks! other less influential users will frequently attach themselves to the growth trend of a post and drive it higher in the rankings i don't buy this. people vote for what they actually like and dislike. that's the beauty of the system. but most people tend to select posts to vote for or against only from what is already in the first few pages of the hot section. so what's hot might become hotter, but it only gets hot because of the early influencers. and the reason of shortage is government regulation, not free market. if you had free market in schools there would not be shortage in engineers. unless being a nuclear scientist is such a loose low-paid job you leave it to chinese. the central-planning approach to boosting science was tried and failed in every totalitarian country, and the same will be true in nominally free ones as well. yeah, those soviets had a really lousy science program. my contempt for the bushies is boundless. this is so hilarious. why do you still have 0 points?? yeah, where would be the world today without soviet inventions. no tvs , no pcs, no cds, no web, no ipods.. the fact that a school district has a problem is a sign that no market force will correct the problem could it be that schools are not good enough because they are public'? they can artificially reward science over business when you regulatebest people from business to science you no longer have enough skilled people in business. this artificial shortage will need compensation too.. intervention is not the answer. no el viaje misterioso de nuestro homer'? one pump and here come the pirates. can you recommend a good filter? that is true, but i don't think that is what theseanald meant yeah, because ipods are clearly fundamental basic science. that's what science is for, building shiny toys. read the article. you can disable it. why does the post say indonesia'? the jungle was in new guinea - the country to the east of indonesia and north of australia. they also reveal the million hectare forest covering the foja mountain range in the indonesian part of new guinea i'm guessing because the article refers to it as the indonesian part of new guinea? :-) welcome to gw bush administration. i just don't understand guido's resistance to functional parts in python. python is not purely oo, it is multi-paradigm. why he wants to kill lambda, map, reduce, filter and resists stackless python is beyond me. i think the most important point is that this is just another excuse for the iranian leadership to bring jews and the holocaust to the forefront. if they really wanted to make an equal statement, they would be requesting cartoons about jesus and moses. i always believe life is fair. you just can't have it all. i was expecting something along the lines of 30 facts about vin diesel;) the political commissar doesn't need to understand science. he knows the will of the party, and the party transcends mere science, comrade. definitely not made up. friend of mine had a very similar story. psychiatrists do worry very much about weight gain side effects. apart from not wanting to prescribe someone diabetes and heart disease, the reasoning is along the lines that being overweight will cause long-term stress and can contribute to social isolation, stress often being a major precipitating factor in these kinds of condition. regarding your citations, forgive me but i cannot connect this mentally with the topic. what has torpor of xviiith century worker's mind to do with free movement of labor and goods? your faq proposes: remuneration according to effort and sacrifice.. jobs balanced for quality of life and empowerment plus workers and consumers council democracy.. and participatory cooperative social planning rather than individualist, corporatist, competitive market exchange but afair all those ideas were thoroughly exercised in soviet union not long ago.. that's what most people expect. improvement. better quality of life. does this actually work for anyone yet? true, but even more important than that is the killer headline unfortunately i never been to us and i don't have much insight in your school system. are there any competitiveness among public schools? do you have vouchers? hilarious this article shouldn't be longer than one sentence. i couldn't be bothered to scan it for the answer. it seems that the discovery was made in the foja mountains in the eastern part of the island, which is regarded as a province of indonesia. weird! i thought this was an interesting article. i suppose i had heard that there are different types of homeless, but it seems much more useful to classify by homeless pattern than affliction. if so many people are only homeless for a day or two, it shows how much good the shelters and soup kitchens are doing. the chronic homeless are the most visible problem, and also the problem not fixed by those shelters or soup kitchens. these are the people that there is no good answer for. you don't just let them die, that doesn't fit into most people's moral code. if you keep things the way they are they keep costing so much a year. this is the first i've heard of such a solution, and it is an interesting way to think. it says in the new privacy policy that you are free to copy-and-paste it, but the official logs will not reflect any indication of off the record chatting. does this work on people who don't know or care what kind of music is playing, or regard the music as a nuisance? clerical error is the failure to report the missing armor. clerical error is the failure to let soldiers know that there is a new requirement to report the missing armor. malice is adamantly holding to an obviously broken policy: rebrook said he tried to get a battalion commander to sign a waiver on the battle armor, but the officer declined.is this real or satire? i just disagree with the idea that a word can technically be a word -- or not be. the oed is strictly descriptivist: it tells you what people write and have written. someone used the word truthiness in the 1800s. that doesn't make it more of a word than if no one ever had. it doesn't make it less of one, either. the wordiness of a word can be judged by the reactions that english-speaking people have to it -- particularly the english-speaking people you're using it on. truthiness probably won't stick because people will use it only for jokes. the ada voted truthiness the word of the year-- not most likely to succeed', which award went to sudoku'. but it's english, after all. it's not up to me whether the word sticks around, just whether i use it. oh, i thought you were saying that people would vote for a story just to be attached to a rising one. do you think that the early influencers trend is good or bad? about 3 lbs. certainly much lighter and more effective than the article's turgid and repetitive prose. the effect is indeed seasonal, but i believe most lighting is still needed in the summer. in net, using incandescents makes your house too hot and your electric bill too high. it warm climates, you pay twice. once to overheat your house with the incandescents, then again to pump the heat out with the ac. nope, i started with rawinput and switched to this. creative proposal idea. this is the story of socialized medicine. truly of socialism of any sort. you can't keep stealing from the producers and expect them to keep producing. ross jeffries tells you how to mind-hack women into sleeping with you. before that, he tells you how to mind-hack yourself into becoming somebody else, somebody who's more confident around women. hope that helps, have fun. that's because people like this guy don't pay. isn't that like saying the pricetag at a department store doesn't reflect it's actual cost? or do i misunderstand your point? i did read the story. sure, he says install a firewall, etc., then he goes on to say how hackers can easily bypass personal firewalls. what help is that? he's offering a solution that he admits doesn't work. yes. when an item at a department store gets stolen, the cost of the goods is counted as the loss, not the price of the goods. when a drunk doesn't pay a 10,000 medical bill, the cost to the hospital is not 10,000, and the government doesn't reimburse the hospital 10,000. however, there is a real cost, i've yet to find a hospital that actually knows what it is. the problem is concluding, for example, that a 5,000 a year real-costs social program is cheaper than a 25,000 a year medical bill. i don't know if it is, and i don't know if it isn't. i do know that i can't conclude that it is. :-) i still like the article, i just don't want people to think that the savings are that obvious. totally awesome stuff. ip check. i must read the slashcode admin code to check this but i'm pretty sure slashdot has been checking posts by ip address to avoid this type of problem. and if you play death metal, nobody buys any wine. paying for war equipment that's handled out of your control. this triggers a link in my brain to the story of the chinese families who have to pay for the bullet that executed their family member. it's not the same, it just triggered my link. good point but what about the non-financial opportunity costs. the patient who had to sit in the waiting room because there were no beds left or the emotional toll on the nurses who were about to quit. if someone would have stayed in a bed and paid the full 10,000 but didn't because of the homeless guy was in it then there is a financial cost as well. this is exactly why socialized medicine doesn't work. though german doctors are heading to britain, just wait. they'll all be headed over to the us soon enough. doctors are one of those little known imports that the us takes up. the pay is so much better here. health care, in my opinion, is also better here. in britain, expect to wait a few weeks for an mri. and if you have cancer, just pray. it has some pretty neat capabilities, and it's pretty cool how it uses reader macros to enable a new syntax within lisp. a good example of the power of common lisp. because it contains mismatched html tags. thanks a ton -- have some karma! yeah, hospitals in the us generally are not full, so that is not really the problem. if a hospital had to open an otherwise closed floor because of an excess of this type of patient, that would be a large cost. i like the emotional toll idea, but the article had a nurse meeting her husband because of a drunk. err.. perhaps marriage is the emotional toll! oh, and the patient who is insured and is in the next 10,000 a night bed, his insurance company is only going to pay about 3,500. hospital accounting is a strange world unto itself. cue: heavy tourism and environmental damage to the region. point is, if a civilization does not cherish freedom the most and fights to guard it, it is destined to lose everything. what is going on is the first salvo of that lose everything phase didn't iran declare that the holocaust didn't happen ? now they want cartoons on that ? and hey, don't use the stupid word so easily - normal people who do their jobs and pay their taxes and stay within the rules are being made to run and live in hiding in civilized countries. so think again. it may be stupid, but the loss in terms of time,good will,faith in the system, productivity .. etc is real. i am still waiting for my aha moment. any reliable transport servers? that clerical error could cost a soldier 700 is malicious. maybe we bloggers are all just a bunch of self centered, indulgent, narcissistic and neurotic word crunchers who should get a life. maybe? how about definitely. is it online? can i see a demo? somehow, i don't see the danes rioting over this one. would you say all bloggers fall into that category? surely there must be some good blogs just like any other web sites? i think map, reduce and filter are much clearer. the last line makes me want to cry. while i agree that his attempts at censoring indicate that he clearly is not a fit candidate for his job, i fail to see how him holding a piece of paper or not puts more perspective on this situation. it seems to me that he would have attempted to introduce the same censorship if he would have graduated from uni. i know quite a few people that never got their uni degrees who are brilliant at what they do, just as i know enough people that did get their degree who are just plain daft. in light of this, i fail to see how having a degree should be some kind of minimum requirement. time to mod me down now :) edit: it does shed some light on some of the information that we are presented with as being true though, but it hardly amazes me anymore that something like this would surface. no not all bloggers - but certainly you :o) man, i hate us. humans, that is. she spelled sabermetrics wrong. but a very good article. imho that is an insufficient reason. says rob enderle, a technology consultant. giggle. the point isn't that you shouldn't have better water than comes out of your tap. the point is that phoenix, az could improve their tap water for cheaper than all the bottled water sold there. just don't try it if your country is run by norquist style conservatives that will make sure no productive government program can survive. religion has no use to humanity as a whole or individuals in general. every day we see this highlighted in the muslim areas but this applies equally to us christians who don't believe in global climate change and evolution. my heart bleeds for all the poor women and men under fundamentalist rule. it sort of makes you wonder what other kinds of social and societal problems fall into such a power-law distribution but are assumed to be a normal distribution -- such as government corruption, perhaps? this is the proper url! now let's be frank, every time you walk into the apple store your asked to grab your ankles at the front door i'm not proposing that the us not trade with the rest of the world. what i'm saying is that there are some areas you just don't want to give up on. the us shouldn't give up on math, science and engineering in favor of marketing and burger flipping. math, science and engineering are essential for long term economic success in a technological society. giving up on them because some group of economists says that they just don't fit in our piece of the international division of labor pie anymore just seems foolish and will likely lead to 3rd world status for the us in a couple of generations. however, bush's plan to reinvigorate math and science education falls flat. his budget actually cuts student loans and research money preferring instead to keep the iraq debacle going. arrggghhhh i just don't get it that's totally inhuman and sick.. can you actually change the title after you submitted it? what about us humans that are against this? do you hate us too? my question is does iran not recognise the right of self-defence at all, or only to women? not if you use them all the time in your code. maybe. but python cares about readable and easy to read code rather than incorporating general functional programming concepts. python doesn't support lisp macros? actually no one cares about it! i think it is very odd that an officer who graduated from the united states military academy would not have their word taken as truthful. the guy is wearing thering. weird. credit card security is still very important even with the new chip and pin cards - here is why this story is indeed horrible. but i don't like the fact that it is obviously abused here as propaganda against the islam in the context of the caricature issue. btw-1: i'm sure that pretty much nobody would care if the innocent victim was an old man. it makes me bitter to see that it is way easier to trigger people's sense of justice by referring to cases involving pretty young girls. btw-2: don't forget that the us does sentence people to death as well. and it is a proven fact that at least some of the victims were innocent too. i wish they'd worded the headline differently; it it weren't from nasa.gov i would have dismissed it as one of those nasa saw aliens but won't tell usposts. :-) it's better if you can afford it, worse if you can't. that includes a significant chunk of the population. so, in some ways, the us system is better, but it's not perfect, either, and probably needs more iterations to improve it reddit should be renamed lisp-plus-a-mish-mash-of-other-sh!t.com so your saying that if america was a christian theocracy this would happen there too? have you any evidence you can base that claim on? franz's allegro is the cream of the cream of software development platforms. supercool just became supercooler. one more republican agent self destructs. well said ! it's a pity it's so unfunny. with regards to the screamingly funny running gag about a fire that's broken out in the basement i couldn't help think that i must be missing something. what was so funny ? i don't think we'll be seeing a 2nd series. i like your use of it turns out'. as if there was ever a doubt that iran and north korea, both of whom have extremely scary nuclear programs, were more of a threat than iraq. the title is bizarre. surely it should be how much did historical swords weigh?su was theoretically based on all this ideas. i agree, the implementation failed. but i doubt this ideas can be implemented at all. utopia is utopia. nice explanations on what all the awstats reports represent and some good hints and links all you proved is that it happened in america 400 years ago. it doesn't prove it would happen today. and while america was as you claim a theocracy is stopped the witch trials and condemned them. well it's more enlightened in america don't you think? no more witch trials for one thing. red herring. if you still want to equate global warming with stoning and killing teenage girls, go right ahead. but i'll reserve my right, thank you very much, to consider your bashing of the west regarding the rights and freedoms of women ridiculous. more proof that republicans don't actually believe in the free market; no matter how much they say to the contrary. they go to war senselessly and cause the deaths of thousands of people where exactly are christians going to war right now? i'm not aware that christians had their own army. from the article: deutschs former coworker informed me that in the summer of 2004, when deutsch was the opinion editor for the battalion, he was offered a position in george w. bushs presidential reelection campaign. this does in no way indicate to me that he lied on his resume about getting a ba in journalism. in fact, it seems more likely that the guy that offered him a position for the reelection campaign would have been in the know about the fact that he was still attending uni as opposed to having graduated from it. from the article: at this point, while i am unaware of whether deutsch graduated from college at all, it is clear that he did not graduate from am, and he may have intentionally misled people to believe that he did. possible, maybe even plausible, but speculation at best. also regarding his position at nasa, as far as i knew, he was appointed by the bush administration, the same people that hired him earlier. you don't think we could just jump across to iran in a few hours notice do you? iran is right next door to iraq. i'm sure that pretty much nobody would care if the innocent victim was an old man i would care for one. don't forget that the us does sentence people to death as well. and it is a proven fact that at least some of the victims were innocent too. but the us regularly receives criticism on reddit for it's death penalty. and the us doesn't execute people who they know are innocent. religion is an insult to human dignity. with or without it, you'd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes religion steven weinberg, nobel laureate in physics open content resources for consultants. how is jesus love your neighbour as yourself an insult to human dignity? don't forget that the us does sentence people to death as well. nothing like this would be tolerated though. this kind of inhumane punishment just wouldn't happen. this is from 1998 there might be a thousand varieties of false islam then, eh? good essay. have you insulted a religion today? marketing concepts like the vatican wish you would have wrote this 20 years ago! that makes a huge difference in the meaning of her statements too. i thought she was dismissing all muslims and essentially going to war with the religion and all its people. turns out she's trying to promote debate and cultural exchange. that's why the last couple sentences didn't make much sense to me. thanks for clearing that up. cancer is caused by heavy metals in our water, virus built organic pesticides on our fruit, dioxins in the air from burning poorly crack fuel and the various other ways corporations make money. pfft. it's pretty obvious that since they didn't have scales back then they used swords for weighing everything. presumably you are aware that most european christians do believe both in global climate change and evolution. in fact even the vatican declares id to be bogus. global climate change has nothing to do with christianity at all, it is american economic interests that are driving the debate, not christianity. perhaps what you mean is that stupidity has no use to humanity. but i realise it is far easier to just scapegoat religion. this just seems like such a great idea. go sweden. if only more countries were going in this direction. it's also funny that us and uk response to the same problem is more nuclear power!'. well, i say funny, it's actually depressing and scary. but, uhm, the big bang is only a theory. there might be a hundred other reasons to hate this guy, but asking that the big bang be referred to as a theory is a sign of honest science, not censorship. i think people have forgotten the meaning of the word censorship. and as much as the science crowd wants to dog this guy for being a political tool, the science crowd seems to be creating its own dogma that borders on religious fanaticism, itself. what an interesting turn of events. these are not people who either comprehend or assimilate justice, mercy, or righteousness. no. there are people who do not administer your brand of justice, mercy or righteousness. if i have read the article correctly, the girl was tried in a court in front of a jury. you may not like their system, but it is their system, not yours. what are you going to do? invade them and install a government that will administer your justice? do you think that the population would automatically switch their morals to yours because you don't like theirs? the easypart is the oil as an energy source. what do they plan to use to replace plastics? iceland have similar plans and are pursuing them even more aggressively. but they're lucky in being able to harness an awful lot of geothermal energy. all those things are in obvious conflict with love thy neighbour aren't they. it's the people who are the problem here not the teachings. no more witch trials for one thing. i'm sure that many who have been held in guantanamo would beg to differ. so do i. i think it's just some kind of propaganda, and well, if it's not, that's bad. what are they burning them at the stake now? what about the cases of mentally-retarded people on death row? i believe they prefer to pack them in ice i had my aha when i was writing a program that needed to be able to parse and execute c-like user scripts. it was a pretty amazing achievement. especially considering that it worked almost flawlessly and was implemented using visual basic collection objects. what about it? the us banned it last year. good to hear that you care for all the other innocent victims as well -- really! but you surely agree that we see exactly this story of this young girl bubbling up on reddit and not other stories about the many other victims of stupidity and hate who lose their lives every day. my suspicion here is that this story is so hot on reddit because it effectively renders the image of muslims as the guys that like to torture the innocent. this simplification is invalid and conducive only to stoking fear and hate. as everybody i'm very concerned about the recent events in the middle east. but i'm as well concerned about many of the reactions observable in the western societies because many people and media here contribute to a extreme emotional escalation which makes it all even worse. if we consider ourselves ethically superior we shouldn't be participants of this escalation. this annoys me. there's a human rights violation in iran and 90 of the comments here are about how bad christianity is. what's that got do with anything? surely we should be discussing the state of iran's human rights record. it's a very good cartoon. but a sword would have been better than a handgun to illustrate that the pen is mightier than the sword, but then again, maybe that's why the artist didn't use a sword. but will i be able to sync my ipod to it? but, uhm, everything in science is only a theory. it's understood that all scientific conjectures are theories without having to explicitly state otherwise. explicitly stating otherwise suggests that theory instead means guess which is bogus. it's not scientific honesty, it's purposeful political tomfoolery. also, what's this nonsense about people forgetting the meaning of the word censorship and the science crowd seems to be creating its own dogma that borders on religious fanaticism'? you're going to need some evidence to back up a claim that otherwise makes you sound like a moron. which means it never happened it shows that he is completely unqualified to edit a scientific paper. it also shows that the person who appointed him is incompetent as well. do you think that the early influencers trend is good or bad? i'm neutral, i think it goes both ways and it depends on your perspective. it will be interesting to see how fast and how much reddit grows, and what the effect of that growth will be. will it be as interesting? the growth and change of the web in general will be an influence as well, of course. what kinds of things will people be linking to 5 or 10 years from now? and didn't the island start off as a big-screen remake of the prisoner tv series anyway? i got excited when i heard there was going to be a movie until i saw who the director was. yep, it's all bias, people! no women are tried without representation in the middle east. no women are hanged in the middle east in islamic states. no women are stoned in islamic countries. like the holocaust, it never happened, right? riiight. that's a good point, i will probably touch on that in a future posting. one more political appointee with a fictitious resume. there is no excuse for this. i work for a very small company and we check out resumes. it's not that hard. the federal government is incapable of doing it? this is the one time i wish i had the ability to mark up something substantially -- the economist really hits the nail on the head with this one. iraq's per capita gdp has actually decreased since 1980. as in people earned more in 1980 than they have recently. this is not an exceptional trend for the region either. i don't think so. but i am basing this on a poor article that is obviously propaganda. and my point is we can't simply condem their ethics, but try to understand their ethics fully and then discuss with them why we think our ethics are better. i think you are missing a major point. just look at the names of the two countries: the islamic republic of iran united states of america the us is not governed that much by the religion as iran is. and let's face it, religion is not the most rational way of life. now, in my opinion, if you give the freedom to people of choosing and exercising their religion, it results something apparently better than forcing them into one. so your comparison between christianity and muslims is exaggerated. it is not that religion is bad, but how they are applied and how much weight they have. karma for dummies. we don't offer happiness, we only guarantee the success. hey, i'm just trying to bring some balance to the little tiff going on here maybe read my other posts on this page before you accuse me of relativistic pandering that is a nice phrase though, i think i'll use it next time my boss questions my authority;-) not sure that this is at all a good thing but the article begins for the past week i've been tracking my girlfriend through her mobile phone. i can see exactly where she is, at any time of day or night, within 150 yards, as long as her phone is on.how many times must i say this??? the cia is behind the current propaganda we're experiencing! they want to bomb iran, and they want our support! i think their timescale was 50 years, though. peace be upon him i think i think that statement is the most dangerous of them all. it's the people not the teachings'. with that one line, people can justify their own religion as good, and any other possible bad outcome by its other followers as their own fault. then again, i think that is the point - good people to do bad things, it takes religion'. disabling adblock is not an option for most users and they would rather prefer to not use the integrated chat system till the situation is resolved. google's founders must be getting pushed out of management by the vcs, because that company is getting steadily more evil by the day. yes their arrogance is prominent. contact adblock for support not even making an initiative to try locate the source of the problem. i think it is clear that there is a very big problem. the next question is, how do we turn this region around? how do we bring freedom, knowledge, and prosperity? it sounds to me that you might like lua. i've heard some good things about it: specifically how small the core language itself is yet how easy it is to extend it. people seem to be surprised by the fact that a bush appointee is not qualified for his job. this isn't the first time. i seem to recall a fema director had the same problem fairly recently. okay, if this would've been more clearly mentioned in the linked article, then it would have made a better point. as it stands though, the original article did not explicitly mention this. there was a link to the ny times, but i refuse to register there, and even if it wouldn't require registration, i still believe that this fact is important enough to have been included in the linked article. anyway, thanks for enlightening me :) look into pebble-bed reactors. you might be surprised. i can't stand the swp, but this is a fairly sensible article. thank you for stating this; someone needed to. it still amazes me how on reddit a story that has nothing to do with christianity can turn into christianity-bashing time, time and time again. almighty pork. who is next? i mostly hear jesus as one of the first. most popular is who is without sin, throws the first stone'. it shows that he is completely unqualified to edit a scientific paper. i find this to be debatable. would him having a degree in journalism show that he is qualified to edit a scientific paper? it also shows that the person who appointed him is incompetent as well. since this relies on the first statement being true, i find it to be debatable as well. mmmmm beer vote this story up. just a single paper's staff doing what's right is not nearly enough to change america, but it's far more than i expected. well done. i think i said: obviously this is a sweeping statement, and is subject to a host of caveats and qualifiers like for the most partand in general', but you get the gist. and as for being smart pushing you leftwards i have no scientific evidence but my experience of the politics of people in academic institutions gives me at least circumstantial evidence. and i categorical did not say no possible way a non-atheist could be smart'. this is patently false. pretty much everyone pre 1800, and stephen hawking being counterexamples. so fair enough, attack my position. but don't put words in my mouth. indeed, per-capita gdp is a misleading term. i wonder how much of that gdp is concentrated in the wealthiest 1? they made a penny! one question needs to be answered: does the reddit recommendation engine work based on the content of the articles you mod up or down?? or does it work based on finding other people who like and dislike the same things as you, and recommending more of what they like? in all honesty when i see allthingsfinanciablog.com as the domain name i think this site is probably going to be some spammer trying to get me to click on links for lower mortgage rates and debt consolidation. that said, you might have a really informative website. :) it never ceases to amaze me how the world's largest software company makes such a blunder with a product that renders text that is based on well documented standards. they should give up and support firefox or opera, heck, why haven't they bought opera? looks a lot like itunes, imo. that is the type of stories that cheer you up. nice reading. true, under any system of justice some people punished will be innocent. there's a big difference between mistakes like that and this situation. here the system is functioning perfectly. yes, she was trying to defend herself from rape, so of course she must be punished! this would be almost as bad if she were merely sentenced to prison instead of executed. please don't make this into strictly a death-penalty issue. i think you're missing the point. there's a difference between lacking the capacity to do something and lacking the desire to do something in specific, reward-oriented situations. that said, they'll just put a different tool in there soon enough. are you sure its an accident? no kidding? really? i thought lung cancer would be correlated with oxygen. right now george jesus h christ. bush is leading his marching christian soldiers of operation get the rest of the brown ones. its starts out in iran about 9 months from now. when the last of the dissenting, commie-pinko liberal democrats get voted out of the house and senate. at least, that's where all the intelligently designed money's saying. and speaking of senseless christian war, the crusades let's take over the holy land because it's our holy land two were pretty senseless. just like hanging a 17 year old for manslaughter is senseless. maybe you didn't read the quote right. with or without it, you'd have good people doing good things, and evil people doing evil things. the part you seem to have trouble reading is in all caps, for your reading pleasure. unfortunately, we seem to demonstrate our capacity for ignorance, savagery, and hate all the time. stories like this just remind me of it. i see a lot of discussion and blame being thrown about christianity vs. islam, western culture vs. middle eastern culture, etc, but you're going to have a hard time convincing me that there's any culture that hasn't been involved in something pretty despicable in the past, or that they aren't capable of it in the future. so do i hate you in particular? no. but do i hate humanity's seemingly inherent capacity for barbarism? absolutely. it doesn't look great. but it's a preview so maybe it will improve. guts in this scenario means intestinal fortitude or courage. it would take courage to spout holocaust denial in the face of the facts. this sort of courage can also stem from insert mental disorder here flame wars were mentioned in star wars vs star trek. though it should have gotten a section on their own. he didn't really create the computer, he more assembled it. while surely a pioneer, it's not like he invented the computer or anything. the follow up verse the got edited out was pretty badass. and then jesus smote her with a stone. and then continued to smote her until she was dead. for the kitchen was not invented, but she should've been in it anway. opps. that's my fundie bible. that one might've been made up. this is pretty myopic. no one is looking at all the products and technological advancements that won't happen because the swedish government is spending people's money to circumvent the natural path of the market. oil dependency will fade as oil increases in price, due to less supply, and you don't need to force people to adapt, they're doing it already. by forcing a complete switch away from oil, you're destroying a lot of wealth. but anyway, how many ajax calendar companies do you think yahoo! is gonna buy? you don't build a product for one customer. it's just too risky. brilliant. probably half or more of what i have submitted to reddit has been essays that i myself have written. i just really started my website a few months ago, and have a reasonably small readership. i see nothing wrong with posting one's own writings. if the writings are good, then mod them up. if they are bad, then mod them down. but just because the author is trying to get more readers doesn't mean they should be automatically frowned upon. in fact, i would like to see more of what reddit users have written. it seems to me that sites like this are largely aggregates of technology news. why not have more contributions of original writing from users? same here, but my wife's is i think on its 5th replacement, which started failing the day it was turned on, so it is well on its way to being replaced for the 6th time. q. if every editor of every publication in the free world took the same stand who would be the target of the organised extremists? a. the very same peoples who were their targets before this whole debacle. shame on the cowards, both sides. that's far more realistic, though, even considering iceland's geothermal advantage. the swedes surely mean well, but their plan is basically completely impossible. i predict it'll end up the same way their mid-1980's plan to abolish their nuclear power plants did - fizzling out quietly after a decade of no progress. ahem, arab world or us republicans? just try asking a republican pharmacist to fill a morning-after pill prescription. by the way, has bush and the cia overthrown the freely elected government of venezuela yet? you know, they have oil. and then there's evolution yeah, because you know, capitalism has really allowed alternative energy to flourish up to this point. in your world, we'll end up paying 50 bucks a week to exxonmobil for the rest of our lives. some friends decided to make a film about the forcing everyone behind them to drive the speed limit. danger ensues. amazing computer based animation. i know, how about a double logarithmic relation between rankings and article score. in the negative direction it could drop very slowly at first and then more quickly as the demotions pile up. this would allow more people to weigh in other than just the eager guys spending all their time demoting in the new section. in the positive direction the rank could move very quickly at first and then slow, perhaps before becoming linear again around 10. all the while, only integer scores would be shown. anyone think this would help? the only thing i like about it so far is that it plays web radio a lot better than itunes. everything else is still really rough around the edges. somewhat interesting, but mostly seems like a publication just to grab venture capital money for the drug company that patented the findings. still, i wish anyone the best of luck at curing diseases. sometimes i just get cynical and distrusting of the drug companies. religion isn't the literal word -- it's said as state religion'. it is meant as the dominant ideology of the people. it's corroborated on the amnesty site linkedin the story - more details on the circumstances there also. yeah. i'm pretty sure that's either how he got the idea or, if he already had the idea, how he got someone else to pay for all of his research. pretty nice gig, actually. maybe he can ask the assistant to create one. objection your honor, argumentative. nice blog on wordpress. have a look i don't think it is an accident. i think if you are very smart you will be an atheist or at least agnostic, but not a much of a leftist because that is a religion that worships the state over the individual. you would be closer to a libertarian, as much opposed to the democrats socialism as to the republicans religiously imposed moralism. the op portrayed it as religion proper. i take your point but certainly in this case religion != ideology. not unless the op deletes. then i'm not sure exactly what happens.. what's fark? edit: looked at fark. what's more likely that i stole from some crappy looking little website or that i saw the story in my ff rss tab that comes with bbc news? except for the problem that we can't blame mccarthy for hanging and stoning teenage girls by islam, can we? i didn't think so. so the barbaric killing of women in islamic states in the year 2006 is equivalent to the salem witch trials of 1692. can i include in your statement the ignorance you create? don't make me laugh. i'm supposed to be horrified by circumcision? rotflol. good piece. correctly written. the public has already forgotten the buddha statues of bamiyan. what else are they going to forget .. ? go sweden go !!!! the problem with nuclear energy is the only countries allowed nuclear facilities to generate power are the ones with nuclear weapons. no one else is allowed into the nuclear club. hence, the situation is ripe for a monopoly. so. go sweden go !!!! go iceland go !!!! is there some way to open-source research or information or whatever can be open-sourced in this ? i don't - my boss or someone else interrupts me every 10 minutes, and that's when i'm not checking reddit;-) the problem with nuclear energy is the only countries allowed nuclear facilities to generate power are the ones with nuclear weapons. um, what are you talking about? loads of countries with barely any military at all have perfectly good nuclear power plants sweden, for example. no bombs there. animated gifs. there is something about the way they did it seems, i don't know, not genuine. it's about picking your battles and by resigning i feel that all they are doing is letting the censors win. it just sounds to me that they are just jumping on the bandwagon. i have windows xp and ie7 beta and adsense works for me. dl'ed it and it didn't run, just got a blank entry in the taskbar and an xulrunner.exe which went nowhere. perhaps will have to wait for version 0.2 and the article touches on that very fact, saying that woz himself readily admits that it was a team effort. did you look at the graph? what can you say? woz is a hacker. jobs isn't--he's just pure charisma. did you give it enough time ? i needed to get the msvcp71.dll and put that in the install dir. after launching it with that, i got a blank entry in my taskbar as well, i decided to read a bit on the site from which i downloaded the .dll and when i switched back to my taskbar to kill the process, it was properly loaded. and? this is a bad analogy. a paper wouldn't print a cartoon of child sodomy, period, whether the pope was doing it or not. however, papers print cartoon critical of religion all the time, and good for them. how much violence, hate, misunderstanding, and lasting ill-will has been caused by religion here? see ac's rebuttal in follow-ups nice! thanks for the link! nice spam! finally someone spent some time dealing with iranfocus. too bad ppl don't recognize this and are demoting this post. take some time browsing through iranfocus articles. it doesn't take long before you realize it's a biased source of news'. heh, you seem incredulous. remember, nowadays we take it for granted that cigarettes cause cancer. this is however, something certain business people, and their lawyers and lobbyists have denied. this tactic was quite effective, at least initially. this reminds me when microsoft made separate pages for opera browsers, and of course these pages were all broken. no brainer, it's done on purpose. but no word on twinkies? this article is misinformed in so many ways it's not even funny. this is just the sitting government trying to earn brownie points for the election the coming fall. there is no realistic plan to wean sweden from dependency on oil. virtually all cars run on gasoline and car population in sweden is old and changes slowly. changing to cars capable on running on anything other than gasoline will take a long time. taxes on gasoline and electricity are very high but that mostly hits consumers. steel mills for example, buy electricity with much lower taxes and they consume a lot of it. the closing of nuclear power plants has caused sweden to import electricity from denmark and germany during the winter and that electricity comes from power plants powered by coal. not exactly environment friendly eh? and in the rural areas lots of people use boilers fueled by oil to heat their houses during the winter. of course, the main supply of energy in sweden comes from water turbines so we've had to dam up many previously beautiful rivers to become so environment friendly. my kudos to the the people at the government's press office though, a press release that was basically ignored in swedish media seems to have been printed verbatim in the guardian. pretty good. now i know! hehe took europe about 800 years to throw off the shackles of catholicism. let us hope it is more truncated with the middle east. warning pdf. reddit should recognise file types automatically from url. saves users remembering. i think there is a misunderstood concept of freedom of speech here. freedom of speech does not mean anyone can say or do what they please when they please. the new york times is a business, and it's reporters are employees. freedom of speech means they can start their own paper if they want, not that the new york times is under any obligation to publish those cartoons. freedom of speech means that the government or another entity that that has coercive power cannot keep you from expressing. just because you can do something, doesn't mean you should. jobs is a businessman and woz was a developer. apple relied on jobs ability to sell things and woz's ability to innovate, to think that either is worth more or less to apple's success is a disservice to their history. no, i believe. so far, since i was born i believe that. i admire jobs, because of his charisma and willpower, but i don't like him personally. woz is just the nice guy, who happens to be very rich. does this article even work for other people? it must because of all the comments, but on my safari, at least, all i get are ads. no article text. weird. we've all seen the matrix. obviously the solution is full-body acupuncture, right? so you hope it takes less than 800 years for the arab world to throw off the shackles of catholicism? i think it is reasonable to say the following: if some mystical force modified the human race to cause us not to be religious at all, the changes that force would have to make in order to remove religion would be a net benefit. clearly just forcing people not to be religious would not have any positive effect; that's why i phrase my statement in that way. actually, he has a point. the link is not about catholicism, no matter how many times you try to redirect it. it's about radical islam. stay on topic. nope. won't work. this thread is about islam, not bush mcchimp hitler. bzzt. thanks for playing. good read. one out of two arab women can neither read nor write. no wonder their entire culture is so retrograde and freedom so suppressed. oh to get in this guy's head. very neat. nice article, too. also elvish. but, really, this article is eerily accurate. and written by a woman! i thought i was alone. i take your point about the analogy, but i think you're using it to miss the point. the cartoons are hate-speech, published with the intention of demonizing muslims in general and arabs in particular. what's worse - both are a soft target in europe and america. this kind of free speech is rarely used against those who can make the speaker suffer for it - hence a western media that rarely questions its masters. article's behind a subscribe-wall. wow that was lame that's the way to go. because the flow oil is going to stop anyway. if nations are going to use more nuclear power, they'll shoot legs of coming generations. alternative energy sources are way to go. for example bio-vegetable oil made from hemp. that's one really good path to follow. yes, i've thought about that. i think something along these lines would be good. yeah baby! the reason this film is important is because it was the prototype of the horror movie and the basic template for almost every scary movie since then. seems like integration with non-itms music sources is the potential killer feature here. don't you mean billions and billions? well it doesn't work if you don't hook the needles up to electricity - obviously. i think we need classes on how to live. i agree. the headline is just a small portion of the article and not representative of it's theme. otherwise, it's an insightful look into the persia status quo. in regards to the headline, lest we forget, that's also the mantra that the bush administration preached prior to our invading iraq, and look how true that turned out to those who say the big bang is only a theory, you're wrong. the big bang is an observed fact. background radiation of near constant intensity independent of direction is an observed fact. the big bang is a theory explaining that observed fact. september 13, 2004 != what's new on internet. he mixes truth with spin in my opinion, but what is the truth and what is spin? but hey, he is an ex cia officer after all. i live this. well, close enough. just ask my wife. seriously, reply to this comment if you want to ask her about me. i'll relay her replies back to you here. this reminds me a lot of the application for my residential college at uva. disprove the existence of zero. you have a clothespin and duct tape. save the princess. ninjas attack you in 7-11. defend yourself using items at hand. mostly just trying to see how people think. i think it goes without saying that we didn't accept many frat boys. btw wtf does am stand for? at the same time, they made a newsworthy protest. you do have to pick your battles, they picked this one. i disagree with your anti-tech blog sentiment. i think that this is exactly the place where good blogs should be found. people may post one good thing and 10 bad ones, but we all want to read that one good thing right? so when somebody posts their blog i think it would be better judged on content not status. i like ting's idea of slow down modding at first so that more people will judge on content rather than name. the whole point of content aggregation is not to get things from credible sources, but make good things credible. its funny cause it's true. i'm not a lisper but i don't mind them hanging around. they're generally nice about the manner in which they describe how everything that will ever be needed for computers was already invented in the fifties. not like some other language zealots in progress. software from a person point of view. psychological issues people face when using software. how users perceive software you might increase usability. i didn't say anything against tech blogs. i syndicate an awful lot of them, and enjoy the ones i read now. i only suggested that there are too many of them, and i feel maxed out on them when i read them in my rss reader. i'm only guessing as to why people mod down when they see a blog url. it isn't a deal-breaker for me. a lot of the best links on reddit are blog entries. i think the problem might be splogs and people gaming adsense as well as seo. it's not accurate to call blog linking on reddit spam the essence of spam is that it is unsolicited in nature. if you don't want to read blogs on reddit, it's not hard to avoid them. ultimately, i agree with you that something needs to be done about the newpage. i'm not sure yet what would make this better. notes on greg stein talk at pycon march 25, 2005. the url points to a text file. we'd be better off making iraq as nice a place as possible, giving as much control as possible to its people, and letting the iranians get jealous and change their government themselves. what led to the end of the soviet union? not a foreign invasion, but rather the jealousy of its own citizens. it's intriguing how angry this seems to make some people. no doubt these people would be equally angry at food service workers being forced to wash their hands at work. i just don't understand this mentality at all--something about american entitlement uh i'm not sure the ussr is a good example yet. i wish there was a 1 funny alternative. i second that comment. canada not only has a thriving nuclear power sector, they have a thriving nuclear reactor export industry. japan gets a good chunk of its electricity from nukes, despite their allergy to nuclear weapons. personally, more nuclear power is more reassuring than more coal', or, has been more typical, total silence on the subject. per-capita is a pretty useless measure: take bill gates and a hundred waitresses and you end up with a per-capita income on the order of millions of dollars. oddly enough, few of the waitresses are candidates for early retirement. out of curiosity, where do you find the statistics on highway fatality causes? good to read. a few pages failed exposing intelligible errors. amusing how the site violates clean urls i think this is dangerous. but it saves a lot of gas. i seem to recall reading that cars were optimised to run at the 55 - 65 mph. i wonder if the cars being packed together would draft off each-other contributing to the fuel efficiency? life is better with a 40,000 annual income than with a 20,000 annual income. because with 40k you can live in a gated community and not need to care if the country has any quality of life? and the other ten percent is bug-tracking software? how did you find the language issue living in northern europe? did you bother to learn the local language or was it enough to rely on everybody there knowing english? fuel consumption rises more or less with the square of speed once you get above 35 mph. so you roughly double your fuel consumption if you drive 78 instead of 55. and as a rule of thumb you can't safely follow another vehicle closely enough to save fuel, whiz-bang electronics or a cooperating leader notwithstanding. nascar drivers have the benefit of a closed course, and they still crash a lot. stupid heh. the neocons are working on five out of seven. fascinating discovery! wow. i can't wait for this to reach mainstream. gonna be fun the arab world is in such a state because of colonialism and not because of islam. the islamic fundamentalists have so much power in the muslim countries because the colonists helped them to get into power, in order to weaken the middle eastern countries and colonise them. islam is not a violent religion or some that mistreat women. fundamentalists do. islam and true muslims don't. furthermore, we own the muslims a lot in terms of scientific advances and knowledge in general. they are the ones who collected and translated most of the philosopher's works from greece, which as you probably know is the basis of our moral - democracy is greek. they also made huge advancements in science, medicine and mathematics such as algebra, surgery, anatomy and astronomy. in fact, they invented algebra and algebra in itself is an arabic word. i suggest you do a bit of historic research before you post. if you take all your information from the tv or newspapers, you don't really have a critic mind. in order to have an opinion on some topic we need to compare different sources of information before we build an opinion in our mind. anyway, i guess nobody is even going to care about what i'm saying, or perhaps not even read it you guys know everything, you have the truth and so you can speak like that. i'm incredibly proud of that staff. speech should not be censored. they are over there cutting throats, and they get mad at a danish guy for drawing a picture. that is simply ridiculous. i'm surprised i haven't seen any mohammad t-shirts yet. i live in nyc, they can't be far from the market. haha, come on, it was at least a little funny. the new way to snag untaken domains that are google-able great article, and illustrates why their going nuts over a cartoon. helter, the point of the article is not to attack islam. the point of the article was to illustrate how islamic fundamentalism, combined with weak governance has seriously hurt arabs. truth be told, they need freedom of religion first and foremost. this is true, the chip technology was not invented by woz, he picked the motorola 68000 or something like that as the cpu and put together a bunch of other chips to control the video display and the disk drive. i don't know the technical specs, but you make it sound like he inserted a graphics card into a motherboard and called it a computer. sure he didn't build any of his own chips but he put them together, and built the os to run it. you are downplaying the achievement that that was. yes computers existed, but woz built the personal computer. other people were saying no one would ever need or want a computer in their home, woz and jobs put one in their homes. as for jobs, yes he is a critical part of it. woz wasn't going to sell a lot of computers no matter how technically powerful they were. but in terms of persons jobs is a jerk but a genius in his own right. woz is really nice and a genius in his own right. i know a lot of people around me who suffer insomnia, and i personally think it is linked to poor nutrition, not depression'. makes me annoyed to think pharmaceutical companies are lapping it up by selling bandaids instead of genuine, healthy solutions. why is africa also in such a state? also because they don't have freedom of religion? colonialism has destroyed all these countries in africa and the middle east. when people don't have nothing to eat it is unlikely they will have time or energy to think. we looted their countries and now we blame on them. they are the ones who should be blaming on us. you can't be so superficial to blame their governments, most of them are appointed and supported by the us, included old sadam. so how do you explain america's success? hope you all enjoy 133 on usa scale. in every category where they were competitors for the title of world's best', they lost the race. rockets nukes to the us, military hardware to the us and other nato members. also, those skills don't confer many benefits to real people, they're all for the benefit of the state. hopefully people realise this is just a joke! actually, allthingsfinancialblog.com looks spammier to me than random, but maybe that's because i'm attuned to the latest trends in google spam. there are plenty of good domain names that nobody's taken. norightturnonred.com, for instance. apparently you have never been to buenos aires, so paulo, rio and montevideo. i understand there might not be as many library as in a civilized country but there are several good bookstores in those cities, even with english books you can't find in civilized countries. just to help you on your next trip, try looking for libreria or livraria. regarding the article, i wouldn't expect anything but. there's almost no content here ! more than that, i would say that your karma itself should wear off over time. you shouldn't get bonus points, even for something you just posted, because you posted something popular once, six months ago. but if you're a hot property, posting popular things every day, or even every week, then stuff you post should get better initial visibility. but even that should, as you suggest, wear off. it's not that reddit isn't good without these things. it's that they could help it achieve true greatness, which is a rare thing worth pursuing. yeah thats worked real well so far hasn't it. americans need to understand that in that part of the world, the masses do not want democracy. what happened? all of the lisp junkies switched over to promoting slanted articles on the near east? did republican interns take this place over or what? hmm first a digg post on fantasy novels, now this sub-link. are humans involved, or is a script just posting things on reddit? two reasons: 1) sync is a nightmare of random problems and reliance on the kindness of others. 2) we're all about giving you sms access. 3) would you rather have a great web calendar, or a bad outlook-on-the-web? if you want the latter, i'm pretty sure microsoft already sells it. emmett same for me. plus, you've got to figure that each of the calendar makers has a high level of confidence in themselves. if you believe that you are making the best calendar, you believe your risk is lower. well, the information probably holds true today, unless there was a sudden surge of translations to arab, and it seems to be interesting to people now more than it was 2 years ago. calling it pre-attack propaganda does not counter the article's argument, but rather strengthens it. separation of state and religion perhaps? hmmm will reddit introduce a way to browse only comments that pass some minima points threshold? sure looks like it's about time you don't you hang 17 year old girls because of colonialism. and we both agree this is good, and should be a good direction for the arab world as well, right? or am i misunderstanding? so you agree that america isn't a fundamentalist state then? i don't get it, why does everything have to be the fault of the united states? i mean, isn't it possible to consider that somebody somewhere actually did something bad and it was their fault instead of the united states? at what point do people actually have to take responsibility for themselves? and as for you, if you're from the united states, why do you have such guilt? just because you happened to be born richer than most people, you have to be guilty? why do you have to think that everybody else in the world is innocent and that all evil that they do is somehow the fault of your country? i see this attitude all the time. i just don't understand it. what makes an article hot is that reddit users vote for it, not it's age. that's the point of reddit you know. you know, at some point people and countries actually have to take responsibility for themselves. the united states was once a colony as well. oh, and stop hating yourself and your country so much, its counter-productive. have some faith. why exxon's huge profits gets alternative fuels closer to a reality than ever. suddenly, i don't feel so guilty for watching cosmos on dvd after having fired one up look back 100 years. please retract any forecast about the speed limit in 100 years, including whether we will have one, or have cars, or anything else. what you're talking about is a prediction for the next 3 years. i imagine it's illegal to obstruct traffic like this in most states. way to document your crime, geniuses. 55 saves lives was invented during the 70s gas crisis as a way to reduce gasoline consumption. yahoo! and aol already use this and other technologies to help stop spam, and have been for some time. correct me if i'm wrong, but i don't think the us colonized any arab country. i think britain controlled places like egypt and palestine. so what marriage? us and britain are historically the same.there is no such a thing as americans. well there was but we killed them and their culture. and by the way, the us is colonizing the middle east by appointing corrupted rulers for these countries who instead of looking after their country and people will look after us interests. idn domains get a bit of extra publicity in january as domainers start to realize early diners are pioneers taking advantage of the next natural progression to the domain name market. ? you're missing the point. the koran says depicting the prophet of allah in images is idolatry and blasphemy. doesn't matter who does it. and that's the primary reason for the outrage in these cartoons as well - the fact that the cartoons are unfavorable depictions is secondary. australia has socialized medicine and the second highest rates of pay per doctor in the world. this just goes to show how religion is systematically abused by those in power to manipulate the masses. guess marx said it best when he said religion is the opium for the masses. in honor of this year's duct tape prom dress contest, a few wiki facts about the tape everyone loves to love. the six best terms in wikipedia's list of childfree movement slang. y'all remember when google's web-accelerator broke the whole web? and the second version was worse? shit happens. complain if the released version is broken. if it is the coke vs. pepsi democracy that requires a supreme court to award elections in, you are correct, as a middle-easterner myself, we do not want it. we also don't want any kind of democracy shoved in our throats by invasion or bombing. it's not as complicated as you make out. it is similar to me thinking your opinions are stupid, but absolutely supporting your right to voice them. hypothetically speaking, of course ;-) opium makes you sleepy. i'm thinking it's more pcp for the masses. then you are mistaken. why do we know so much about ancient greece? because the 9th century muslims translated their books. socrates is regarded as the father of western thought, his pupil was plato who in turn taught aristotle. pretty much everything we know about their teachings comes from arabic translations, including every single one of plato's 45 books. the arabs not only copied them, but also added extensive commentaries. the muslims quite literally preserved our culture for us during the dark ages in europe. the 3d landscape navigation looks like the black white game. i've spent three weeks travelling through the country last fall and must pretty much agree with most of the content, including the perception of the general hate against mullahs. there is one thing that we are tempted to forget: a very strong selection bias introduced by the communication in english. people who speak english well enough to discuss politics are more educated and less likely to appreciate the regime. on the other hand, even the taxi drivers who didn't speak a single english word were making fun of my beard suggesting me to shave: beards are considered as a sign of being pro-regime. nice find. thanks, submitter. register to read an article? ugh. that's pretty condescending. dating advice good dating advice site web hosting advice for newbies current religions are obsolete. they do not cater and scale up to the present day requirements and expectations. interesting. the same can be see in apple's patent application for their new tablet pc. i wonder who thought of it first. silly assumptions have been made here: 1: to test their theory, they recruited hundreds of students and asked them, either on their own, or in differently sized groups, to think of as many ways as possible to boost tourism to utrecht. afterwards the students in groups reported feeling more satisfied with their performance, and feeling that they had experienced fewer failures to come up with new ideas, than did the students who worked alone. alternatively the satisfaction of the guys in groups was justified you never mentioned why the paragraph you quote even matters. 2: in a second study, team found further support for their theory by showing that the illusion of group productivity could be undermined if different members of a group had to think of ideas for different projects. in this case, the students satisfaction with their performance and their sense of how much they had failed to think of new ideas, resembled the experience of students who worked alone. again first order critical analysis failure, the paragraph you quote has no real contextual meaning. it says nothing useful: people working in isolation, whether in proximity or not perform similarly.useful knowledge. i assume by trollish you mean inflammatory. good point, thanks. i'll back off now. oh the irony from the article: even though women's literacy rates have trebled in the past 30 years, one in every two arab women still can neither read nor write careful to read something before you criticize someone for not reading it there is no such a thing as americans what utter nonsense. you might as well say there's no such thing as britons or arabs, we're all africans really. i love the rating system on reddit. since anyone can mod anything you get some posts that get completely hammered. but i can never tell by just reading the posts which ones they are going to be you would expect that thinly veiled incitements to racism would get hammered, but in reality it is the slightly lame jokes. a pity really. it's my impression that this forum equates all religion with fundamentalism. copyright violations when selling via affiliate program? sorry. any idea why yahoo seems to be so much less effective at filtering spam than gmail? i get tons of spam at both locations but gmail correctly identifies all of it. yahoo lets about 10 into my inbox. why did medieval iranians make these drawings if they are blasphemous? maybe because it doesn't specifically say in the koran whether they are blasphemous. strange that a compelling and well thought out essay from one of the 20th century's greatest philosophers languishes in the doldrums with 3 points, while joel spolsky whinging about ajax calendars gets 160 points. amusing'? what's it to you? it still looks pretty whether it validates or not. the official language of the web is tag soup and good design doesn't necessarily have to conform to all the fancy-schmancy html rules. nintendo definitely needs to buy this. ds advance, anyone? come on people, you gotta laugh a little every now and then. that's nice to know, since i can guarantee you'll never see that. whereas you are more like mohammed saeed al-sahaf? :p sorry tim, i make a test litigiousness run amok. apparently, we usians don't want democracy either. just look at hamas in palestine. that would take consistent adherence to undisputed ideals and things like that. one-liner lameness is easier to recognize:) how to track and analyze blog visitors. i seen better demo version, what is the limits? anyone know who the artist is on the soundtrack for this video? true. but with polarisation, given two alternatives, people will often side with the extreme part of their own side rather than with the other side's. but. we already worship woz. i hate to sound like a blow hard, but doesn't this fit the very definition liberal fascism'? a 6 year old is likely to poke someone in the stomach. and if the poked 6 year old doesn't like it, they're likely to yell or do something. didn't anyone else pull the hair of the girl they liked when they were 8 or 9? does that constitute sexual harassment or just being a kid'? what about circle circle dot dot now i've got my cootie shot'? is that just playing or is it misogynist gender bashing'? that's the lamest idea ever. if only i could mod down 100 points i didn't mean it as a slight against you in particular. perhaps i should have said user.blogster.com posted by user'. i.e. i was agreeing with you. :) but true! why? because the world doesn't already know that muslims are unreasonable, violent reactionaries? this title is really misleading title here on reddit, the article however does make some interesting claims. no more than 10,000 books were translated into arabic over the entire millennium, equivalent to the number translated every year into spanish. translated into arabic is not the same as 'the arab world has translated''the effect of chemicals like testosterone on behavior is substantial. you would probably never even notice this relationship though unless you experience a sudden change in levels. basically zero content. although i admit i would be biased against a blogger link, i think if the headline were compelling i might read it anyway. if it turned out to be good, i'd mod it up. but this doesn't happen very often. links to the 12 original cartoons and resources to patronize danish vendors. bbc world news timeline of events leading up to violent outbreak over danish cartoons. stand up for freedom of expression. freya, patron goddess of denmark and love, would approve. scroll down to the water for the good stuff. police in the uk can now seize the cars of uninsured drivers i found the selection quite samey and very much based on 37signals style. now that a certain look has emerged i imagine that they will look quite dated in a year but i reckon it could be the corporate style for the next few years. yep, and the sad part is that no one is going to care. none of these outrages seem to convince bush's supporters that the man believes in cronyism and cronyism alone. this is a nice proof of concept. can't wait until it is added to second life. i think i tend to see it from a different perspective: if everybody is trying to make a calendar, perhaps that's a signal to the big boys such as ms-outlook etc. hey, guess what we just found out? writing a shared calendar app is not hard and almost -everybody- wants one that they can use. perhaps this will -finally- put an end to the outrageous prices this bit of industry considers normal up to now. so are you saying it is perfectly alright to treat hindu's poorly because they believe in more gods than you? my eyes hurt. it's frowned upon when you post your own content gone when i looked. careful, john stossel has a right wing agenda. i found a recent job on this site, so thought i would share it to more people. very useful! so what are the answers? anybody have a clue? this article is uses fear uncertainty and doubt to wail against government funded safety nets. i.e. a libertarian agenda piece. is this for real? i read the article, and it says the authorities don't know who set fire to the muslim shops. but still very interesting. i wonder if this will become the standard input device in 10 years or so. some of it seemed a little jerky, for example, when they zoomed in with the maps. however i thought the picture resizing and sorting stuff was neat. perhaps surprisingly, many adults don't understand that human children are psychologically very different creatures from human adults. the prepubescent endocrinological and cns makeup is totally different from the adult one. incidentally, south park uses these misguided adult interpretations of children's behavior and psychology as a powerful humor device. a lot of the sordid stuff children are up to exists only the the sordid minds of adults. the article is missing okay, i should have said the west but it's that same point. what makes you think i'm talking about apple's success? i'm talking about the hacker community, which is infinitely more valuable to me. what, exactly, is saudi arabia then? news flash: this just in: american government corrupt! old news folks. nothing to see here, move along. religion is the bureaucracy to spirituality perhaps it has to do with the american cultural understanding of time. it is a resource to be spent wisely, and lorded over. by slowing me down, you are wasting my time, and stealing my life. it also has to do with the idea of liberty. liberty means freedom to do your own thing, so long as, it does not impair my ability to do my own thing. if you want to waste your own time, that's fine, just go in the slow lane and don't bother me. i really like the 31three home page, it doesn't use any tables, all the layout is done in css. who am i by peace orchestra i heard it for the first time on the animatrix soundtrack. personally, i hate it when the government tries to automate law enforcement. if they want to enforce the law, they'd better send a human after me. then, since there are a finite amount of cops out there, they have to prioritize which crimes to go after. yay, it's the free market at work! anyone know where i can get one? rather than moving along, i would suggest that we pay attention when the government is corrupt. this man is my hero. interestingly enough, in my school district in the sections on sexual harassment they also add that punishment for sexual harassment only occurs if the harasser is in the third grade or higher. i always wondered why until now. stossel is a libertarian, so technically his agenda is neither right- nor left-wing. he sounds like a conservative on some subjects and a liberal on others. it is the norm! the whole point is that the government encourages normal people, who are just looking out for themselves, to take money that's stolen from taxpayers! the state make it easy for us to steal from each other. there are plenty of examples given, and they are not extreme at all. you have simply dismissed the article without a single valid argument. did you even read it? it's about how the rich use the government to exploit middle class and poor taxpayers. talk all you like about how the article has an agenda, but unless you address the points logically, you're just being closed minded. especially bad as in worse than the jews? i've always had a little trouble reconciling the people of the book thing with the early history of israel. corruption and government go hand in hand. when buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators.- p. j. o'rourke cheap labor, a large country with vast resources, european wars, tight control of latin america, control of the middle east, the dollar, a free market, the english language etc. the problem with this is that it still has your gmail account in the headers and shows up as from purple monster lover purplemonsterlovergmail.com on behalf of megacorp sales salesmegacorp.com'. i really wish they'd sort this out. well at least the insurance premiums should be higher. did the federal govt offer cheap insurance to new orleans since it lies below sea level? i think not? maybe now they will, which is spawning the new wave of gentrification along the coast. of course he has an agenda, just like everyone else. that doesn't mean he doesn't also make a good point. you just said this article disturbs me so much but i cannot think about any argument against it, let's just call it namesyes be careful, don't commit a thoughtcrime. this article isn't about fixing any problems there is a problem stated, there is also a solution suggested. but of course you cannot think of any argument. i don't know the answer to the sprinkler question, but here are some of the forces involved. when you're forcing water out, the sprinkler turns because the water exerts a force on the curves of the which produces torque. when you're pulling water in, the water exerts the same force on the curves, which will cause the sprinkler to turn the same way it did before. however, since you're in the water, you also have to deal with issues of pressure. the water entering the sprinkler will create a low-pressure area near the entrance. i don't know which will dominate. hookes minutes also reveal his antagonism towards contemporaries, especially newton. for those of us who've read neal stephenson's baroque cycle', the historical context of the books is particularly interesting. so hopefully, with the discovery of this manuscript, more details will emerge about newton and his relationship with his peers. i should add that soft drinks are usually made with sugar outside the us, and if you've ever tasted them side by side there's no question that the sugar tastes much better and doesn't have the metallic aftertaste of corn syrup. if you guys used to play gazillionaire a few years back, here is a new back to life version so the best answer is to put up with it. why try to change anything at all. less just do nothing until it destroys everything in the country. i mean hey there are other countries. indent them four spaces. but i was wrong and just overstretched. building it in my apartment was the enjoyable and easy bit. but then i got hooked up with marketing and merchandise people here and in america and it all got out of hand. it seems like his downfall was his attempt to turn a labour of love into a viable business. either that, or the fact that he has an unhealthy obsession with a tv show. you mean the way libertarians are considered financially conservative and socially liberal? though libertarians are some of the smartest and most logical people that i know, they aren't immune from falling on a political spectrum on issues. argue the point: fine, but let's not pretend libertarians are in their own political dimension. how do you play animations.windows player does not theis files. glad to see i'm not the only one with a bad vibe about jobs i've heard my fair share of horror stories concerning the rockstar of the tech-sector. you mean npr as in the radio station? i agree that this kind of collusion between government and business is absolutely wrong. they're only wrong when they advocate government solutions ;) um, any observation to back this up? i'll no doubt make a point of trying allegro for myself, but i'm curious as to what features inhabit the realm of supercooler. i've never quite understood the distinction between libertarians and anarchists. both are anti-authoritarian, both are ever-so-slightly scary. is it just that libertarians are former righties and anarchists former lefties? it's like they're both so far out on the political spectrum that they've met again. no, he did not. are you implying is the enemy truth or is not the enemy of truth? unfortunately, the interpretation of the report leads me to believe that what it did was hold the goals of the west up and see how well the region meets it. of course they don't have democracy - it's antithesis to current or historical islam! of course women aren't treated as equals - it's part of the function of women having separate roles in islam! however, it's foolhardy to believe that innovation is only possible in a democracy - look at the ussr and china. perhaps democracy is optimal - i'd certainly rather live in a democratic state than a theocratic one. i'd certainly rather live in a capitalist society than a planned economy. however, it seems silly to blame the problems of the arab world on this alone. likewise, the idea of blaming colonialism is silly. in sub-saharan africa, it makes more sense. the continent was sliced up in such illogical ways and was decimated for four centuries. their woes are the culmination of four centuries of tragedy. however, most of the arab world had a rather short stay of colonialism. so they lost a little land to israel - they've had more than enough money to cure the woes that such offenses brought. frankly, it seems like the religion itself is to blame. those who could improve the situation; the innovators, inventors, and iconoclasts don't want to live under such restrictive rules? what would happen if we ignored the work of all atheists in the west? what if we drove them out, like germany did einstein and many in the jewish brain trust that stayed in america after world war 2? what if we imprisoned and murdered homosexuals, like turing? yes indeed. i am from australia, where we have a major sugar industry, so everything uses cane sugar. and it does taste much better. the corn syrup soft drinks overseas give me the shakes, and taste kind of metallic, very unpleasant. i feel sorry for you. no i am going have a nice sugar coke mmm ahhh. the cane sugar ones aren't as sweet, but that's fine with me. the sugar used has a lower glycemic index. also, i think the myth of excessive sugar consumption causing diabetes was debunked some time ago. the other side effects are bad enough. of course, if you are developing adult onset diabetes, high bursts of sugar will not help the first time you show symptoms - but that is not the cause. i am forced to use this awful application at work. and even worse, they keep actual documents out under shared databases'. it has to be the most ungainly interface ever to grace an application. i have basically stripped every toolbar off of it possible, and i still can't stand it. when can ibm just rewrite this pos from the ground up to be a modern application? oh, and the article mentions nothing about how slow this thing is. it moves at the speed of a moth. and don't try to view embedded images over a few kilobytes. it will literally take 60-70 of a modern processor's resources just to render it. i was annoyed by this too. but i haven't seen some of these tricks before so i posted it anyway. very funny. great find. this was a lot more interesting 2 years ago. does your book share anything in common with the progenitors of the genre? if you read the article you will notice that the rising cost of oil is what is driving the change, that and environmental concerns. not historically. more recently we seem to be backsliding the coming technological singularity'? that sounds so religious, sort of like the second coming of christ'. i'll bet you ten thousand dollars there will be no singularity, and kurzweil's brain will remain frozen for eternity. simple fool. so we are sexualizing first graders now? or can't we understand there is a difference between children and adults? screwed up either way. i don't get why this was posted. cow magnets have been around since i was a kid, like 30 years ago, and probably before then. more like a look at trendy web design? i've discovered that seeing how libertarianism works and government doesn't requires looking at long term, widespread, and non-obvious effects of policies. for example, how reducing business regulation increases wages, because employers know that it is easy for their employees to quit and start their own businesses. employers have to pay more to keep them. most people don't realize this unless they have a good mental model of how a society works. so, please don't sling such judgments around lightly, judgementalist :) oh for god's sake. mitsubishi has created better devices a decade ago. sufficient software support is still many years lagging behind these hw interface advances. what exactly is society as a whole but a group of individuals? to say that an individual who causes other individuals to act has no effect is just plain silly. the dude is pretty amazing too. super smart and can bench of 555 pounds. pretty close, but be careful how you throw around the word arabs'. ironically, jews are also arabs.. in fact, many arabs are semites i love how convoluted things are in the middle east. :-) you don't have any arguments against the article. oh wait, i'm not a peppy little libertarian. stopped using google desktop when i realized the cache was almost 3gb in size. how are you going to spend the 1.50 you're saving on storage? wow. what a waste of breath the right wing and libertarian comments on this article are. for the rest of you, who actually care, i suggest you call your local congressperson tomorrow or send them an email. ask them why you are paying to insure these properties, tell them you want it to stop. you know, if 20 million people do that, it could actually change, stranger things have happened! mirror: take a piece of paper. write ron it. look at it. now hold it up to a mirror. wait! stop right there. when you held it up to the mirror, what did you do? you rotated it about its y axis. this was arbitrary, and the reason why the mirror image has the same top and bottom as the r did before. if you had rotated it about its x axis, left and right would be preserved and top and bottom would be inverted. i don't really understand why the train one is hard or interesting. isn't it just gravity that keeps the train on the tracks, and the rails themselves which keep the train from sliding left and right? no, looking at facts, libertarianism causes massive unemployment and a massive increase in gdp in the top 10 of the population. just like what is found in every nation subjected to the imf's washington consensus. for example: argentina. i was giving a preview for anyone else who reads comments before the article, like me. this is optional right? it's not enabled by default. so it's optional evil. i don't get it? this is optional right? if you are concerned about your documents being read by the government don't use this feature. or at least add passwords to your office documents. i guess google could go the extra mile and encrypt your data on their servers. would replacing causes with encourages satisfy you? when i originally referred to king, i said he had an effect which was what you claimed an individual cannot have. furthermore, dr. king also motivated non-blacks who may not have acted without his leadership. i am not a racist; an apology is in order. to say that things would have turned out the same if an individual as influential as dr. king had never existed is absurd. just wondering: why doesn't anyone like jackie johnson? buying a roll of foil to make a hat. do you view self-defense as being coercive? gosh, what a moron. interesting, but it treated slashdot as something dignified. there's a good kind of isolationism and a bad kind. let's not throw out the baby with the bathwater. even further than that, can we stop sexualizing teenagers and adults? unsexualize them? i really don't like having to avoid saying or doing anything that could be accidentally construed as sexual. boy, did that bring back memories singh and so the holy grail of slashbots and unix weenies was born. i'll be working on my pet operating system. not necessarily. organization is not a power structure by definition. i am employed at-will. that means that my employer and i are both free to terminate the contract at any time, for whatever reason. we have different responsibilities - he is responsible for the whole company, while i specialize my work. we continue our relationship as long as it is beneficial for both of us. the term for this type of organization is unanimous consent -- anyone can opt out of participation, but they cannot force anyone else to go along. in a democracy, the minority can never opt out, and the majority can force the minority to follow their rules. democracy is force disguised as freedom. just reduce it to the simplest form: three people, two of whom steal from the third. even if the groups change over time, it's still theft. true, that's one of my major beefs. a project i'm doing that i planned to use lisp for is running on ruby because it's so hard to get a decent lisp implementation for free of the web. we need a lisp! shit. here i am crying at work again. i'll play devil's advocate because i like the abuse. if nobody makes any money on this then companies working on cures for cancer might give up because they're not charities. why not post a reply if you vote me down, maybe i'll learn something. we're already living in orwell's 1984. haven't you noticed? morning, george bwahahahaha! paine is probably a better one. though i would agree that essentially john is a libertarian, you have to know a little of his history to understand the underpinnings of the article. originally, john wanted to go after big businessmen who were sticking it to the little guy. he wanted to stick a camera in the face of the successful gas store owner and say hey, bub, why are you ripping people off to the tune of 2.50 a gallon here in the city, when you competition down the street if only charging 2.30?? huh?? huh?? after a few times doing that, when the owner says um, because people pay it. why don't you go find out where the 1.20 in taxes go?he decided to do just that. and he discovered that the state, in the form of corporate welfare, fame subsidies and whatnot, is ripping off joe consumer much more than the free market. since then, he has been tracking down the answer to the question why do i give a quarter of my paycheck to the government? i think it is a reasonable question, no matter what your politics. i hope you all do too. s the author could've easily downloaded lispworks. it's almost as if somebody from franz contacted him and it backfired. even if this is secure, the temptation to look or search by google-insiders must be overwhelming. cool stuff! i love what these guys are doing. the semantic web has space and time as its underpinnings. a lot of folks treat semantics like it was just a better metadata thing. these guys obviously get that it's much more than that. i mean tying it right to the earth and all. dont see whats so bad about this cut. 255 is nothing, its pure waste in terms of manpower to process and distribute a pretty meaningless amount in the face of a death. gotta say, i agree with bush. fine, what's your alternative? intentionally make iraq a bad place? give as little control as possible to its people? gaza never was historically part of israel, and the israeli public in general viewed sharon's giving it to the arabs in a very positive way. the west bank, however, and of course jerusalem, are viewed differently, because they are historically part of the nation of israel. of course, jerusalem historically, even so-called arab east jerusalem', was a jewish city. a hundred years before israeli independence, a plurality of east jerusalem was jewish, and by the 1870s east jerusalem was majority jewish. this was before zionism. the only reason why east jerusalem became, as the media calls it now, arab east jerusalem was because jordan ethnically cleansed it. this is nothing like the expansionist muslim concept of dar al islam. jews want to live in israel in peace, israel is a very small country and there's no reason to begrudge it to the jewish people because the arabs took it over for a while. were those other 150 about privacy concerns? many people, myself included don't like the constant stream of google hype, but i think this is important. this is the very kind of problem that needs to be addressed with education and exposure. privacy issues like this need to be solved with awareness and consumer choice, not with laws and lawsuits. infact its the laws and lawsuits that we are afraid of here. this is not the normal google is building time travel. this is reddit and newsworthy. ah. i think i see. so the em field carries momentum counterrotational to the wheel? is the induced magnetic field from the rotating charged disk significant? gotta be a joke -- even if you buy that this could result in drain blockages, the possibility that they would attempt to use dna matches against what? they're going to get blood samples from every student? how? always loved the music - fit the game so well. well ok, i'll give it a like vote for the sheer entertainment value. but it gets a b- for technical merit. for one thing, when a bubble is still regenerating, it makes a popof the same magnitude as a full bubble. this unrealistic constancy is distracting. moreover, part of the value of real bubble wrap is being able to fold it over and pop multiple bubbles at once - functionality which is sadly lacking in this virtual version. insulin bursts, caused by sudden absorption of rapidly digestible carbohydrates, are known to contribute to type ii diabetes. foods high in refined starches and sugars are the primary culprits. if you want to debate, then i will debate. i'm not interested in dismissive name-calling. tell me why you think that government is an appropriate solution to a particular problem, and i will tell you why i disagree. to give you a head start, i'll tell you that my argument will probably include that the problem to be solved is caused by government in the first place, since that is so often the case. if you want to catch me off guard, pick a problem that is not caused by the government. i cited this quote in an comment about the welfare queen article, but it's appropriate here too: when buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators- p.j. o'rourke. most people with any kind of sense agree that corporate welfare is wrong, but power will always be abused. it's the result of people following the laws of economics and maximizing their own self interest. the us government is developing a massive computer system that can collect huge amounts of data and, by linking far-flung information from blogs and e-mail to government records and intelligence reports. we use vi, son. they use emacs. good selection of free cashback phones this is just speculation: karma could have influence in the algorithm that mixes date-hotness and votes; as in, if your karma is high, when you submit a story it gets a hidden boost that lets it get nearer the top of the hot listings with fewer positive votes, which gives it more of a chance of getting a greater number of votes overall; which makes sense because your high karma makes it more likely that the community will benefit from more early attention to your posts. that way, all votes are equal, but karma still matters. from what i've heard, the largest issues with nuclear power is the mining, wich due to to the low concentration of the used minerals causes very much bad pollution. but by any standards, it isn't an eternal source. it's really be best if we all only used the power that's constantly created, it's the only way that's really sustainable in the long run. i don't remember exactly how to calculate it, but basically, the combo of the changing fields resulting from the collapse of the coil's magnetic field and the accelerating disk and so on that carries it. i'd have to look up exactly how it works though. it's not a bug, it's a feature. it seems it's coded in javascript ! amazing ! the article raises concerns that a single speed bluray drive will be too slow, but no one has even announced a single speed bluray drive. most of them are 4x so far. since there aren't even single speed drives available, it seems unlikely sony would use them. when it comes to costs, a large part of the investment has already been made, fabs and developing the cell processor together with ibm and toshiba. sony makes tons of money off the playstation and microsoft loses billions on the xbox. to assume sony would can it's bestseller seems a little weird. especially since both companies think their consoles are the key to gain dominance in the living room. i second that, also another thing about indexed data off site is that who knows how many backups google will make to insure fail-safe. most techies know that data is really hard to erase off a hd, and with large amounts of data such as this who knows if a couple back ups get misplaced? eliazar said now that i think about it, the quote contradicts reddit's entire premise, doesn't it? well, i guess it does, but then, if you remove the user-feedback aspect of reddit, you get google, or maybe del.icio.us - and those are already done. the point is multiple people rate it, not just the poster. some of us have laptops, etc. where storage space is relatively limited. 3gb could easily represent 10 of total disk space. i don't think this is an attack on google as such. what the eff wants is a change in the law to give personal data on remote servers the same protection as data stored on your own pc. software is going this way and the law needs to catch up. google's new desktop search is just an extreme example that makes a good target for publicising the issue. that's one of the things that annoys me about lisp, and is a big reason why i prefer scheme. technically you can argue that the value is the same, it's just looked up in a different namespace, but making that difference in behaviour always seemed to undermine the concept of functions being just like any other type of value. thanks for info i just got gmail chat. wow. would the last person to use yahoo im please turn out the lights? yahoo who?? down to earth guide for people wanting to know a little more about investment and money. agreed. nothing interesting or new to see on this article i hope this doesn't just get locked up in a museum somewhere. i hope they publish the full content. best laugh i've had for a while! i think the shorter ones are better. very nice but rather incredible that they managed to avoid any screenshot whatsoever enter a comment here enter a comment here i give fogcreek an f what do you give it for this? we have free housing, lunches, broadway shows, unlimited free subway passes, high salaries, a boat trip, a yankees game, two parties and a walking tour.it's a fake. i've got a friend that goes to durham, she says anything like that would go out by e-mail and would specify a residential college. what scheme do you recommend? plt looks interesting, and sisc has the advantage of being able to use java libraries. bigloo, chicken there are many, not-totally-compatible, choices. and how exactly is this new? python 2.4 was released a good long while ago already. agreed, everything but the technology itself is probably an a or b at the least you're failing to consider the context -- taxes and the scope of government in general in his time were miniscule in comparison to today -- in trotting out these quotes as if to suggest jefferson would be pleased with america's hamiltonian outcome. love it!! no - your left side will hit the left side of the mirror, but the image's left side will be on the right - but the image's left side is really an inversion of your right side. the thing that confuses people is that we expect the image to behave the same as if we had turned to face yourself - ie. a rotation, rather than the actual inversion done by the mirror. this throws off our intuition because we expect the left side to correspond to our right when in fact it doesn't. modded down because of the multiple exclamation points. if you don't want people to think it's spam, don't make it look like spam. from the article the privacy problem arises because the electronic communication privacy act of 1986, or ecpa, gives only limited privacy protection to emails and other files that are stored with online service providers much less privacy than the legal protections for the same information when it's on your computer at home. it's not really in the service provider's hands to offer greater protection. if the law says they have to hand over your data then they'll have to do so. from tfa brigham young university and vanderbilt have jointly filed a patent on the compounds. someone will be making money on this. re: dna it's probably a threat just to scare people. a lot of people don't know that much about dna, it might scare the person into confessing. upei, student newspaper, censorship all of them uncited, but still good fun. isn't there a correlation between the size of the disk being indexed and the size of the google desktop cache? copyright issues aside, is this website blessed by paul graham? i've sent him an email raising his attention to this. same re-warmed cup of lame spolsky-java: just hype, no content. oh come on! you can't even view the article as linked. i also tend to think joel's pretty good on occasion, but this doesn't even have much to say except here's how our internship hiring is going'. kinda neat to read about but nothing terribly insightful there. it seems like people just submit the latest jos blog entries to reddit every time it's updated. i don't really care about game consoles. i don't care about hdtv. what i do care about is the dumbness of companies that stall a perfectly usable data medium format for the sake of a video format that has no visible difference to the old one on screens smaller than 1-1.5 meters while at the same time ignoring the fact that they could have those resolutions on standard dual-layer dvds today if they just used reasonable compression like e.g. xvid. does anyone know about the process of making this? it would seem that it would have a killer debug loop-and isn't there a random component to where things land when thrown by an explosion? hey! knock it off! ho's are friends too! where do you think all these guys on reddit get their fix from ;-) anyone else kind of disappointed with the ending? that's the point, the rube goldberg devices are an incredibly complicated series of events designed to do something simple and mundane. this is just weird, and i personally feel a bit uncomfortable about it! i am just against any kind of generalization; black people this, asian people that, jews this, and arabs that. some of the comments are funny though! not so sure that this is work-safe; it's a bit embarrassing when you're in an open-plan office, anyway! a good example of this is wikipedia, which the author does not mention. oh, wow, just looking through this i'm already quite intrigued by some of the concepts that lisp has - such as functions actually being a data type. i want to learn more, although graham's preface says that this book is intended for those with at least some knowledge of lisp already. can anyone recommend some great beginners books to learn lisp? because no-one likes pdf's html is so much more functional. edit: having actually looked at the page, i have to agree that the font is pretty terrible, though. actually, i found that the source article to be much more interesting and engaging than this which did little more than say, yeah what he said!offering no new insight. how about changing the css stylesheet at the very bottom of the page? i''ve changed and found some of them more readable than the original here is your religion of peace- the radical islamist wants to impose sharia over all the world. do a google of honor killing and see why it is worth opposing these barbarians. it's nothing special, but it's still moderately interesting to read. i feel that it was worth the 2 minutes it took of my life. it's a blog post, not an essay. just because it's not profoundly insightful doesn't make it garbage'. excellent. this little project further shows that google is sorely lacking an intuitive user interface. when people search for images and subsequently follow a link, their first expectation is to see an independent photo--not a tacked-on frame header over the originating page. context should be of secondary concern. wow, games? this employee should get the chair. i don't know if this has been posted already. if it was, i am sorry. this article points out how the danish paper jyllands-posten might actually have a double standard when it comes to using religious symbols in their editorial cartoons. the paper is making a disingenuous claim to the right of freedom of speech when publishing cartoons of the prophet mohammed and then censoring offensive depictions of jesus. this does not mean that the muslim mobs have a right to do what they are doing, but it does give some evidence to what some muslims are claiming as bigotry against muslims. they clearly say this in their website. i want the code, so i can use it with my webcam! missing tip: make sure the web pages you produce have titles so that when people del.icio.us them, they get a meaningful link. what an idiot. just because he doesn't know how past temperatures are measured, he assumes that all those scientists don't know either. so what, it's a big conspiracy by scientists to delude the world by feeding them false data? jeez. i'm gonna go with fake as well. all of us are capable of reading. politicize elsewhere. last time i checked office passwords were purely for show, proper cryptanalytic attack cracks them in no time flat. of course, last time i checked is two office version ago, but still. unless you add some consistent encryption that google doesn't know about - which makes it, you know, unindexable, destroying the point. google encrypting your data would be pointless. if they can decrypt it, there is no reason they wouldn't be able to give it in response to a subpoena. but yes, if this isn't optional it would be a privacy pain. that's civilization at its best. poor woman. a newspaper might perhaps be said to censor when it suppresses information with news value. for example, way back in the 1950s or 1960s, the washington post used coverage or not of a minor riot to press the then government of dc for some reforms. every newspaper, though, every day makes judgments about what is worth printing. a negative judgment does not usually amount to censorship. in this case, the cartoonist made one judgment on his cartoons, and the editor made another. muslims who feel put upon can throw down their 10 at the local movie theaters when the da vinci code opens and revel in a flick that won't be pleasing pope or parsons. great! how inflation and taxes eat into investments returns. what safe alternatives are available. what are they, and how to use them best to your advantage. simple investment strategy to achieve financial independence. how to make sure your retirement accounts are funded correctly? spreadsheet and tools. what it really costs to own a car. if you killed bob in the open, someone would call the police, just like today. if you killed bob discreetly, how would today's police do a better job of finding out about it? the problems you describe neither condemn private police nor support government police. as far as the down-and-out, there are many high-crime places where government police do not respond to calls because they are afraid, and they don't get paid more for better performance. in a free society, the down and out would be able to buy guns for much cheaper and protect themselves, as well as have better access to justice. the poor being denied justice is a symptom of our government monopoly on justice. i don't think it depends on the kind of people using the computers. the kind of tasks they need to do are far more important in the decision whether you can ban windows or not. i imagine you can save and load whenever you like. the time required to reset is much better than real life rube goldberg devices. :) not sure about the explosions i thought the same thing. ruby, python, haskell and ocaml have first class functions too - not that i want to discourage anyone from learning lisp. a great jewelry information site great jewelry site leaked or fake? you decide! my office, my callcenter, my coding team, and my mother all use the same non-windows platform. desktops and laptops. macintosh. at least here in europe hunters usually care about the population of the animals they hunt at least as much as the general population. if it would be a cultural thing, shouldn't the japanese care about that too? manning is clearly a doomer, and a traitor to the species, who thinks the earth would be a better place without people on it, because humans are a pestilence a cancer. traitor to the species? this is annoying. the website describes whale meat as organic and fished freshly out of the water'. they left themselves totally open to false advertising charges; whales aren't finished, they're mammaled. oops. i managed to misspell valerie umm, this is from 2000. i was worried for a second that it was his other book ansi common lisp. i'd purchased it a few days ago from amazon:). i've been through this book in pdf format and i'd agree that the html format is much better:) cheers chris which is why using this as an example of us being better than themis dumb. but the article doesn't do that at all. true, i guess that doesn't not qualify as what's new online', but only i realized after i submitted. i still thought it was a good read though. i'd be curious to know this as well. i emailed paul graham a few months ago asking for permission to print a dead trees copy of onlisp using an on-demand printing service such as lulu.com. he assured me that plans are in the works to republish the book it would have been more impressive had they not put the giant n. korea on top of the country! when people think about creating positive environmental and social change, they probably do not consider that the easiest and most effective place to begin is in their clothes closet. indeed. he also can't decide who to blame. he bought a preinstalled system and now he complains it is unpatched and blue screening all the time. why don't he send it back then? last time i saw a blue screen not related to hardware problem it was on win 98. as much as i think that we're too quick to sue, this should be grounds for a wrongful death suit. wave of the future; think terminator and matrix. think 1984. if you find taleb interesting then you might like popper and soros too. just because he was constantly mentioned in your course doesn't validate him. older bbc report stated japan mostly continues whaling to avoid limits being placed on tuna and other species they are actually interested in. that and the whole, don't try and tell us what we can and can not doidea. i like this article, especially his explanation of closures. this makes me want to stop writing perl for a while and try some python. i modded this up but i don't have the patience to read it. the free market can't account for everything. what if we had another hurricane katrina, that destroys all the crops of insert farm subsidy hungry state here'? we might be able to buy the food, but it could be priced like gasoline is priced today. this is a blog kept by interplast that showcases their work providing children in developing countries with free reconstructive plastic surgery. they go to many countries throughout africa, asia and latin america educating and empowering doctors children can be helped now and for generations to come. i'm just curious - i'm not a healthcare expert, but i don't think any insurance company would complain about your seeking care outside of the plan and footing the bill yourself - if the insurance denied life saving treatment, why didn't he just foot the bill himself? why didn't the doctors quoted for this article waive their fees, or try to raise money to pay for the services outside of insurance? i mean, if it were me, i'd rather be alive with three mortgages paying for my treatment. old news practical common lisp as does yours. a lot of work and organization was done by a lot of people in the civil rights movement, but we don't know their names or their accomplishments. we do, however, remember i have a dream'. and mlk's deeply religious beliefs led him to maintain that protest and civil disobedience was the path to changing america. we could've very well had someone like rev. al sharpton, who used his influence to incite race riots. so, yes, really, mlk is not significant about as absurd as saying why are you even posting on the internet? the sun's going to burn out in 69 trillion years and when it goes, we're all gonna be forgotten. cancer treatments can be mind numbingly expensive. particularly if the prognosis was less than great, a family man may not have wanted to offload hundreds of thousands in debt onto his kids and wife. we're also living in a heavily indebted society. it's a bad call - but there are a lot of people out there who simply aren't able to raise a quarter million dollars all that easily. this is both unforgivable and unconscionable. wrongful death suit? if a doctor had done this it would be murder one. i'm gonna have to say that you're right -- anarchy won't work unless people realize that it's the best option. we agree. and a quick regen your analogy is dim. my sheep hear my voice, and i know them, and they follow me: and i give unto them eternal life - john 10:27-28 - jesus cases like this always make me think about a death sentence for corporations. fines just don't work in some cases. you might want to delve more deeply into perl: its support for closures is what enables its object-orientedness -- and it supported closures long before python did. damian conway's object oriented perlis one of the best programming language books ever written. wow! this article really sums up many of my thoughts in a way that would have taken me at least hours to do. especially the story about how most of us invent their own errands. i also liked the abstract images very much! how about summing up your most important statements and ideas - that i feel are a bit scattered throughout your articles - and putting them on one page, paul? little more than headlines and maybe one sentence and a link to a longer explanation. sometimes i just know you wrote something interesting but i cannot tell in which article. can anyone tell me the difference between blockbuster's knockoff mail service, and netflix? besides the free in-store rentals blockbuster gives you, i mean. i'm leaning toward blockbuster right now rubbing is overkill. just walk by. arfids are for tracking, not access-control. they could set up readers in other locations that these employees spend most of their time, and then check velocity to lock them out when something's fishy. but you'd still want them to have a key that can't be stolen by a stiff breeze. the server was deluged with reddit visitors. it's pretty fast again now. the reality is the blame-and-shame game isn't going to get us anywhere. we are all at fault,christopher said. imho the blame-and-shame game is not going far enough. those within the insurance company responsible for the denial of treatment must be brought up on charges -- and do time! that's one severely misleading title. it should read more like, woman fights with polar bear, owes her life to bystander with a gun who scared bear away'. brave of her to take it on unarmed, to be sure, but if it hadn't been for the unnamed bystander who only gets mentioned in the second-to-last graf, she'd be dead. six degrees of procrastination: mac. macintosh : mcintosh apple : cultivar : portmanteau : humpty dumpty : humpty dumpty's if this is your biggest complaint in life you have it altogether too easy oh canada . despite being fully insured it'd be interesting to know what exactly the terms of his coverage were. maybe to know to avoid such coverage. perhaps he needed a particular form of treatment that was considered experimental according to the terms of his coverage. there's not a lot of detail in this story. the construction of a magic 8-ball must have changed since the mid 1960s when mine fell off a shelf and broke open. it was a hollow sphere with nothing inside but the blue fluid and the answers object. a form of cancer in which all forms of treatment are experimental? was the morphine for the pain experimental too? i know too many people that get 2 or 3 accounts worth of netflix, rip everything within 24 hours to their terra servers, and send them back the next day. netflix has a point you mean where people die all the time awaiting things like dialysis and other commonly available treatments? us health care problems are a result of government intrusion. the solution is not more intrusion. so vote it down then moaner. this reminds me of when the traffic lights fail in a power cut. rather than the chaos you'd imagine drivers just take it in turns letting each other through. uhhh-it does not conflate xml with java-it says that xml is a good way to make java dynamic-you can parse in xml and have it direct your runtime behavior, almost like you were in an interpreted environment. in python, you don't need that, because you are already in an interpreted environment. therefore, someone who had figured out the correct way to work in java would be mistaken in their impulse to use xml in python. hilarious. cool idea until you see that the starting price is usd 15,000!!! yikes! that was amazing. does understanding equal compression? what is the difference between pleasure and pain? the analysis is very succinct it's hard to say exactly how accurate the home estimates are, but the interface is by far one of the best. it does look like there are ways built in to help get a more accurate zestimate. this has to be the easiest way to see what your neighbors houses are worth, too imo it's extremely disrespectful to turn anyone's funeral into a place to make political statements. this gets a little wacky near the end. robotic actors? or cops? seriously. this won't happen if you use bluetooth instead of just some proprietary usb-wireless connection. because of all people, her life was not about politics in the least!? please, spare me your false indignation. the speakers were true to the spirit and life of coretta scott king, and not a single person who knew her was offended. you're attempting to divert attention from the message of the speakers, and of coretta scott king's life itself, simply because it doesn't match your politics. that itself is political statement on your part, and it dishonors the memory of everything she stood for. amusing. this is a good idea. i've been telling them since last fall that they should do a variant of this. none did you notice netherlands in the pay table? but is leninism communism? is stalinism? maoism? and what makes you think that stephen hawking is not an atheist? i think a better way is to implement a new filter under prefs: hot since x hours. war is peace. freedom is slavery. ignorance is strength. doesn't make any sense to me - the whole point of a domain name is that you own it and have portability. i've actually dreamed of this since day 1 wow, here we go an intentional joke that the page was made in notepad? i wonder.. it's a real-world example of why free markets don't work - you need government regulation to ensure an even playing field for all participants. what's really dangerous is differential speed. the road does not consist only of cars, collisions between cars will send some of them into static objects. some cars might slow down fast after collisions and turn into static objects in the middle of the road. another thing that could be used to address the i already saw this exact page a few hours ago problem would be a user-configurable option to hide all stories with a vote from the user viewing the page. or perhaps a separate read-flag would be better. but in the case of companies it is still only money, it can still be seen as a calculated risk. i wrote hunters', not commercial fishers. hunters, as in, people who hunt for sport, the cultural thing the japanese claim according to the article. wtf is this? wat is there to see here?!? us troops should not be in africa - it is colonialism americans should not be building schools in africa - africans should do that. i wouldn't say that the american healthcare system is free market'. it is heavily government controlled and regulated. i would call it a more government regulated monopoly. similar to many respects to the baby bells, than free market. actually, i believe that the hotpage is already what you are suggesting here. whole new shows just the new stuff without any filtering and topshows the stuff that got the best scores ever, hotranks stories based on both score and recency. exactly. insurance companies get away with bad service and terms because regulation protects them from competition. there should be loads of start-up insurance companies challenging these guys, but it's a lot harder to do that than it should be. regulation is just about always proposed by existing companies in any given industry. they claim it's for consumer protection', but they're really just protecting themselves. yes, but the point is that it would be nice to have a page where you get a little slider for controlling how much weight age has in the equation. if you want to drink from a firehose, set it all the way to the left and see the equivalent of the newpage. if you want a bunch of pg essays and other all-time favs, set it all the way to the right. otherwise, just find a middle-ground that suits your usage pattern. no, they mentioned it a year or so back. yes, this works. where can i find such links on google video pages? i can't believe they put the dyed liquid in their mouths! an incorporated company can have its articles of incorporation revoked. it's assets are seized by the state and auctioned off. it is in effect, the death penalty for corporations. a corporation does not have the right to life. some corporations should be killed more often. i totally agree. congress should stay out of this. there are a lot of doomsday scenarios floating around about how if we don't enforce network neutrality with regulation, the world as we know it will end. since there is clearly no problem right now, and there may never be, i don't think congress should intervene. whatever legislation they come up with they will inevitably get wrong, or, it will be overly vague and we'll end up having judges who don't understand anything about technology deciding the future of the internet. furthermore, even lessig admitted that most of these potential problems might be moot if there were a healthy, competitive isp market instead the current duopoly. rather than trying to patch the situation with more regulation, why don't we get at the root? figure out what is making it so difficult for companies to enter the market, and fix that. the problem is the usa. every other modern', western society has state sponsored health care. i live in ireland, and though the health system gets frequent complaints of not being sufficient enough and waiting lists being to large, it'd be political suicide for a politician to suggest that it be abolished. why do americans put up with it?! why don't they demand from their government that there be a state sponsored health system? this is a matter of life or death ffs! i just can't understand it more control and information for google! your stand is too transparent, sir. i vote -1 for you. let's tweak their calculations a little bit then. doesn't make sense for who? google or the user? yes it's stupid to lock your domain name into google, but there are many idiots out there. looks like blogspot are getting blog spammed such an option exists. you can hide stories that you have promoted or stories that you have demoted. or both together. will ms office live be free to use or why does he call the domain name offered as part of a paid package free'? a false advertising point? it explains how digg works and why it's so popular, and gives a list of digg-like sites like reddit. and 6 months worth of other work was done publicly. looks like a victory for national health care. there needs to be a way of punishing these people. digg-like sites like reddit now, that hurts! you're so right mate. 1984 all over i thought this was going to be about social security or medicare. it's actually about how college students have a tendency to max out multiple credit cards. wonder where they learned that behavior? what i find more difficult to understand, though, is the restriction on speech and access to knowledge. a free country has nothing to fear from the truth. actually, it does. truth sounds noble and glorious and pure, but unrestricted access tom, say, everyone's medical history, and publication of the same, is not a good thing. indeed, there is a similar argument made about the state eavesdropping on its citizens. if you have nothing to hide, then you have nothing to fear. but it seems less appealing when the shoe is on the other foot. the problem is not that there are restrictions in place, but the type of restrictions, and the motivation for them. i think he said restriction on speech and access to knowledge'. knowledge, not someone's personal information. what if we do have people who commit terrible acts as part of their job, while, in private, they remain loving husbands, good parents and caring friends? such as the executioners at federal prisons? many people consider what they do to be reprehensible; they themselves may even be inclined to think so, but manage to justify it as duty'. or perhaps they see it as justice', which i expect may also be true for people who commit torture. the underlying reason the telcos want to charge for qos is so they can hit voip providers with tariffs to drive up their costs so the telcos can compete with the wonderfully low prices. i'd assume that drivers would treat it like a stop sign, not because i have some great insight into human nature but because the law says to treat it like a stop sign. don't worry. the follow-up study conducted a half-hour later suggested no ill long-term effects. no, that actually happened a few years ago in north carolina. the product name is prototype'. um, that's almost as bad as the name of my favorite terminal emulation software, screen'. nothing like having to google on a common word in hopes of finding a specific product. very cool, i want to know how to do this. it is my understanding that the privatization was done badly, in a corrupt manner this seems to be the usual way to do privatizations. the four rapists and the two judges on the village court were sentenced to death by hanging and to pay a fine of 50,000 rupees, or about 700. that's just surreal. will this help one in overcoming his emotional suffering? what's with the german title? yeah, but it's a really sweet library. too bad the article in question is from an advent calendar two months ago if you don't trust any business with your personal information why are you even on this website? go join a commune. cool. i can't watch the video. and i don't see any alternatives, only the text i pasted in the first comment. but i can use the link if someone from the right country copies it. very strange. they need to free the markets to save the whales. government intervention is murdering them all!!! the font, highlighting, and colour distress that this text consists of makes it nearly impossible to read. am i the only one who finds this presentation disturbing? i can't even make it through the content. talk about taking lots of extra effort to make sure your point doesn't get through and who decides what's knowledge and what's personal information'? i imagine a politician convicted for embezzling money considers that personal information would you? knowledge== those things one wants to find out', and personal information== those things one wants kept secret.of course this isn't spam. of course. it's not that i don't trust any business with personal informationreddit.com can keep my ip address that's not a big deal. storing an entire domains email on the other hand is another matter. if you can't understand the difference maybe you should go join a cult, dupe, they'll take care of you just believe in the all powerful google. my tendency to procrastinate hasn't been helped in recent months, now that reddit is just a single click on my bookmarks toolbar i don't see why people voted for this story. it was kind of silly. as soon as he said his mouse was moving around i thought of wireless mouse interference. i hope this doesn't become a site for everybody to tell their dumb stories on. today my mouse totally wouldn't move!! the cursor totally froze up on my screen! i called it support and when they got to my desk egg on my face! turns out the plug where the mouse plugs into the computer had come loose! and here i was thinking it was a virus! spare us while it's hard to say without reading their actual science article, this summary seems to overly simplify the search for neural correlates of consciousness. for example, just measuring how well the brain transmits stimulation from tms wouldn't explain why some specific lesions lead to loss of consciousness while others do not. ha ha yeah, tell me about it. anytime the brain pauses during work, it's immediately either: gmail reddit webcomics in that order. though i must say, i've definitely learned a lot reading reddit, and i do need to respond quickly to lots of important emails! webcomics maybe not so important those give me vertigo. not a very good way to represent 3d for the majority of users i'd suspect. as opposed to hosting your email on some random virtualhost provided by, originally, lord knows who? no, it's better than that. if you built the computers storing your email, then yes, that is considerably more private. i would like to suggest that that is and will remain a tiny, tiny portion of email users. this one has been posted before this is totally misleading. private health care is a power more expensive that contributions to the nhs when you compare like for like. also, your aunt will have been visiting a doctor all her life on the nhs and the nhs will have trained her private doctor and quite probably have built the hospital that the operation was performed in. so class action lawsuit, anyone? i think that procrastination can be thought in a different way. for eg. i procrastinate one of my duties but and do another one. yeah it is procrastination but it can work positively. nice article detailing google future this is very, very old one of the reasons for procrastinating, that they don't talk about, is just boredom. some pressing tasks may be too uninteresting for us to do, and we put it off. this is avoidance due to boredom, not fear of failure or success. this is not very interesting. trust people and they'll surprise you'. no, really!? i had no idea that there was any reason to have faith in people and humanity to do good things! and anyone who contests the notion that people can do just fine without being told to is obviously looking for a job running someone else's life: manager, politician, ceo i'd be interested to know more about this highly structured cognitive behavioral therapy they prescribe as a treatment. no hablo espanol, en ingles por favor. i hope it's fine in reddit to post non-english stuff. there are tons of articles about ajax and advanced javascript features written in english and very few resources written in italian. this article starts explaining functional programming concepts like anonymous functions, map, filter and reduce, closures. then using this tools an easy-to-use ajax library is implemented in few lines of code. does japan's legal system allow this? he should at least be able to sue the tv folks for a share of the revenue he generated himself lawsuit? lawsuit! are you there, lawsuit!? in the title of this entry there is the word italian'. to distinguish italian from spanish is easy in any case btw. wow this thing has been debunked left and right and the evidence to the contrary is easily googled. yes yes yes! why are people saying that craigslist is exempt from the law because they are an internet service provider'? they are not an isp or a common carrier. another big lie procrastinators indulge is that time pressure makes them more creative. unfortunately they do not turn out to be more creative; they only feel that way. they squander their resources. those dirty procrastinators is it just me or do these things to know remind you of similar psychological expose such as reefer madness? where do you get that this is literally for fun? the video is presented totally without context as anti-contractor propaganda. several of the cars came way too close-- often, contractor vehicles carry a sign warning to maintain distance to prevent the contractors from being attacked by vehicle-borne suicide bombers. in the third clip it looks like they may have taken fire. the sad thing is that i was procrastinating by reading that article instead of studying. ah well, back to good ol comforting minesweeper. a you're probably right about the comments. but i thought the article would be interesting to the reddit crowd, in any case. rogic', though? that's a stretch. maybe reasoning'? ;) i have been playing with ruby on rails and, within the boundaries of my experiments, it is pretty darn slick. however, i don't yet see how it can replace j2ee. how would you build an enterprise service bus using ruby on rails since things like reliable message delivery and two phase commit are missing in the current version? how was that article funny? what is more offensive to you, publishing disrespectful cartoons or burning down an embassy? we can talk about how inappropriate or unacceptable the cartoons were all day long, but the violent reaction to them is far worse and will only cause outsiders to view all muslims as crazed fanatics who are unable to assimilate into modern societies. if something is offensive to you, then state your case why and how it offends you. this is rational. burning down buildings and the like is irrational and detrimental to your own cause. massive unemployment comes from the lack of keynesianism to pick up the labour force slack. massive increase in the gdp in the top 10 comes from the reduction in corporate taxes, reduction of income taxes, and so on. one would hope the money would trickle down, but it really trickles to the people who make most of the money in a business -the owners -aka the people who it's trickling from. do you want links to studies? do you have an sources you won't accept? i would hate to take the time to post links if you're going to just say oh you can't believe anything xyz says because i don't agree with them'. i was just addressing the costs that you referred to. if you're going to say that the nhs has wasted money or cannot keep its end of the bargain, you need to pay attention to your accounting. as it happens, regarding quality, the nhs is way superior to private health care in some areas such as dentistry and psychiatry and equal in others. however, this is not widely known outside the medical profession and you will see people paying a fortune for private care in the mistaken belief that they are getting the best'. typically, they will be treated by nhs doctors in nhs facilities and their payment will simply enable them to jump the queue. ruby on rails uses prototype. it's a japanese tv show. most of it is fake. i am a procrastinator. combine this with the fact that i have this unexplainable fear of talking to unknown people and strong urge to flee from uncomfortable situations, i keep on putting off making work related phone calls not good. i wonder if there is some kind of term for these things. skeptical? if you are skeptical in nature you should be doubting peak oil - it is the suddenly boosted into the mainstream by just journalists, spouting lots of dubious statistics without a solid proof, etcetera. the article itself is a pretty good one. the only thing it fails to mention is that peak oil is so far still a theory and by no means a certainty. but this is good in a way: even if you take peak oil as gospel, this article explains that it won't be the next teotwawki. comparing peak oil to y2k is a good comparison, too. i'll read this article later the caffeine nap is simple. you drink a cup of coffee and immediately take a 15 minute nap. yeah, maybe if you're narcoleptic seems to be an american problem. don't forget to enable animated gifs in your browser. many people deactivate them due to stupid banners. i think it depends on which country you are from. in south-africa you will rarely have cards from different banks as no one bank will give you that big an advantage over the others and they in general disapprove of you having accounts with the competition. i solve the problem by only carrying the absolute critical cards with me, and the ones i know i will need on that day. the rest are safely locked up at home. so the most is probably 1 credit card and 1 medical card. most of them time i carry only cash and only what i need, since the best money management is not to have money with you when you feel that itch to buy something you don't really need. there are some good lessons in here for anyone wanting to start a gaming company. it's always great to learn these useful tips from a doctor. or some guy who says he read it in a field and stream in a waiting room, which is basically the same thing. this was a news story about 2 months ago. quoted: as oil gets more expensive, other technologies will compete on price and replace oil. there are so many new options that become available as oil prices rise that we will simply replace oil with all of these other technologies  i dont believe that peak oil will be the end of our civilization but to say that 100 a barrel is a non-event is just plain wrong in my opinion. i fail to see the logic that says that buying alternative energy for a much higher price will make peak oil a non-event. the main problem is not that we will totally run out of energy, the problem is that alternative sources of energy will come at a much higher cost. also the author fails to mention the main hypothesis about peak oil theory; that the peak may come much sooner than we think. if the production peak will come in 15 years maybe it will be close to a non-event. but what if, as some people believes, the peak has already been passed? still a non-event? it's not just all the cards for me i'm a total packrat when it comes to keeping receipts. for christmas gifts it makes sense, but i even have grocery bills dating several weeks ago. the solution there, of course, is to just dump them out. third place yet! advice on how to find a better job, interviews, resumes, networking. number 1: don't visit reddit. my guess would be prison. i mostly agree with the author - substitutes in consumption and production will mean that we switch away from the most costly to produce, and switch into those commodities that give us most benefit. where i disagree with the author is his notion that you can just put a tax on the commodity to speed up the process. while the transition may be sped up, it isn't really sensible to add costs to the economy for no real purpose. we all suffer. there is nothing inherently wrong with oil as a source of energy. i didn't know suicide bombers had passengers in the rear seat. huh. i wonder if this works in the morning, like when you get up after too few hours of sleep. this is very sad funny college essay written by hugh gallagher, author of teeth. my huge list of links perhaps reposting it with the right link would help. this link goes directly to the blog, not the one article alone. yeah, funny. it has been over a decade since microsoft rocked the pc world with the release of its revolutionary windows 95 operating system.:-) awesome. does anybody have any idea how this works, or how someone came up with it? utter quackery. the article doesn't really talk about ways to help solve the problem - it's like going to the doctor to find out what's wrong, but not how to fix it. thumbs down! but the reddit title could add value instead of just parroting bad choices by other editors. why is it an advantage to put those things inside something which is probably as thick as several credit cards? well, if one's using vim, they're just asking for it but google isn't in the business of making products that only appeal to idiots, so i think it's unlikely that they will do this. the contractors clearly discriminate between approaching vehicles and cars pulling right up alongside; they only fire upon the former. your argument for keeping a distance from potential suicide bombers falls apart right there--one would expect a certain envelope on all sides for relative traffic. these motorists were shot at, and potentially hurt or killed, for virtually no reason. these guys are basically living out grand theft auto in a no-consequence zone. pointless. close up, we read a person's face by the the finer parts of his features. from afar, however, we must rely on more macroscopic shading. these pictures, i think, have one face's finer features superimposed on a blur of the other's shading. the article describes her as meek so i think it's fair play for the headline to reflect the content. also i think the real issue is not that the punishment is too extreme, but that she shouldn't have been arrested in the first place and that her right to free speech was violated - that's what she is suing for in any case. good for her. the world would be a better place if there were more like here. i have heard of many more people going from the uk to us or even to india for their health care than anyone going to the uk. how is the nhs far superior? i myself would never leave my life in the hands of the nhs. not all doctors are trained by the nhs, you neglect to point out the doctors from india and pakistan who have to pass exams such as the plab. the us and the uk systems are very different. for instance, the attitudes towards physicians are very different. in the us, second opinions are commonplace, whereas in the uk, it is very rare because the doctor is always right. having socialized medicine is all fine and good when you are healthy, but give it a go when you develop cancer or some other pathology. evolution and faith: a false dichotomy. indeed. disagreement does not constitute a criminal act in a free country. at worst, she should have been allowed to wait for the shuttles in an area outside of earshot. asking her to leave at an unreasonable time, creating a threat of criminality via trespassing laws, is just thick-headed behavior. wouldn't expect any less from the creators of free speech zones'. what does authorization has to do with methods? do you mean that both libertarians and programmers are more likely to be young than old? that's possible. bumper sticker seen yesterday: self control, not gun control i think i remember the word pythonic from the show scrubs'. :-) he never said that he could reliably predict them. he said that he had a model which allowed him to try, and that others with the same model would usually come up with the same answers. serious camel toe there. it will be interesting to see if the americans with disabilities act is applied all websites. if so, that will have interesting repercussions for web development: to make complicated sites accessible to the blind, you need to work with the makers of screen reader software, who charge developers quite a bit of money, and who are very slow to support new standards. the guy was 78 agreed. plus, if more farmland is being used to grow energy', then less farmland is available to grow food. y2k was a man-made computer problem. peak oil is about a limited, finite, natural resource. once someone even mentions y2k as being a similar problem to peak oil, they prove themselves to be clueless idiots. what part of private eventis confusing? i agree that the punishment is out of line with the offense. she should have simply been asked to leave, but there are no free speech issues here. there is no right to speak at a private event. that being said, i don't think much of private political rallies'. it isn't difficult to preach to the choir. me too. tried it, itunes is still better and faster, but i will check out the future versions they should have had some consideration for the rain and distance it would take for her to leave peacefully. the proper thing to do, if they absolutely wanted to kick her out, would have been to offer to drive her back. y2k had to do with dates on computer programs. to fix it, programmers spent months adding an extra digit to all their programs. we cannot flip a switch and force the earth to manufacture in a few years a substance that took the earth millions of years to create. all bush and cheney rallies are private events', especially if they are filmed or photographed. they don't want visible dissenters. if you visited my home, and you verbally disagreed with something, should you be arrested merely for disagreeing? after all, that would be a private event as well. hunters: torturing and killing animals for fun. comparing peak oil to y2k is as dumb as it gets. for one thing there is no economic incentive to hype peak oil as it was from the it-consultants towards y2k. hey, i'm gonna start firing on tailgaters, hope that's ok with you. they might hurt me, you know, and i'm so afraid! i think throwaway is a libertarian in disguise playing devil's advocate :) don't forget the premise that only an arrogant fool could think he can reliably predict the effects of social policy'. if this is true, then then how can we possibly trust anyone to have control over society? any politician must certainly be an arrogant fool. the premise is false. of course, that doesn't mean that politicians are not arrogant fools. it simply means that anyone who predicts the effects of social policy is not necessarily an arrogant fool -- foolishness is ignoring reason when making your predictions. many great scientists were considered arrogant fools before their ideas came to be widely accepted as correct, even ideas that seem obvious now. sorry, don't mean to insult anyone. educate yourself! it's kinda disturbing that this guy doesn't say anything about the context he's working in. obviously, u need different practices for different situations. sometimes over-commenting is good - sometimes it's bad. it depends on the size of your team, the ppl on it, the scope of the project, etc. etc. but i find most of these how to be the best programmer te4m evar!!don't give any context whatsoever. even mr. on software does this! could you give me some specific examples of inventions developed by muslims? not trying to be snarky at all, it's just that i have heard by several different sources that muslims have never invented anything, and for the last two thousand years they've been at constant war. i thought it was the greeks who developed all those things you talked about. you know, aristotle, galileo, copernicus? methinks you're mistaken, actually. answer to the critics who say he should go. this is going to sound absolutely horrible, . . . but so what? who cares what they've translated, what have they invented? i sort of pity any country whose leaders still engage in bird hunting. says a lot about the current us administration: a hunter vp coupled with a farmer from texas. i am beginning to hate religious fundamentalists. they are wholly without logic, commonsense, or compassion. i'm sure the government will soon confirm is al-qaeda links. why is it that the vice president is at fault here? perhaps his hunting buddy shouldn't have walked up behind him unannounced when he should know that it is standard practice for quail hunters to swing their shotguns around, tracking birds as they're flushed out, discharging ordinance which has a wide dispersal pattern? when you're shooting at birds, it's not like you're in a blind focusing on a stationary target with plenty of time to examine every object between you and it. so, is he going to be charged? can i shoot a hunter and not be charged? if i shoot a hunter by accident, will i also not be charged? i heard on cnn that the elderly man he shot returned to the hunting group after shooting a bird and failed to announce his presence. apparently cheney mistook him for the fabled giant bald turkey rumored to roam the forests of texas. or maybe this is phase two of bush's new medicare reform bill. i envy her bragging rights. not if the victim was partially at fault, doesn't press charges, and was only lightly injured because your gun was full of birdshot. of course, cheney's daemonic aura and flesh-eating halliburton lawyer zombies would allow him to get away with human sacrifice in times square, but here it's overkill. non-sappy stuff and you guys still vote it down? yeesh:) i agree with you on your points. i just want to point out that most people do think freedom of expression should have some restrictions. i suppose i am just nitpicking, but we have a whole lot of laws and cases limiting freedom of expression. for one you can't express yourself by blowing things up. there is also copyright law, libel law, obscenity. there has always been a balance between expression and order. all this said, i think that the protestors are going against freedom of expression and i cannot agree with them. if your idea can't stand up to criticism, how great can the idea be? well if i refused to leave, yes. i think the organizers were schmucks for not giving her a ride back to her car and pressing trespassing charges but i also think she was silly to choose getting arrested instead of walking in the rain. i also think a 55 year old woman who chooses to go to a rally for a party she doesn't support should be able to avoid responding to the speaker with primal wails that carried across an airplane hanger. the whole story sounds a bit bizarre from both points of view. a farmer from texas yeah, from that quaint little texas farming community called new haven, connecticut when i'm 55 i don't want folks claiming i'm too old to walk in the rain. can someone explain why talking to someone on the phone whilst driving is different to talking to someone in the passenger seat? sorry. didn't mean to imply that. still not great choices though. the really odd part though is this: the guy told her walk down that road and leave, or be incarcerated.', then handcuffed her, read her rights and cited her with criminal trespass. he then proceeds to give her a ride to her car! i don't think she's really arguing that. she's not suing or anything. she'd just like the charges against her dropped. ok, fine, let's assume this is in self offense', some proactive protocol to make sure no cars get too close. they are still shooting at civilians 99 of the time, and even if they are aiming to make warning shots', they are still firing in the direction of innocent people and no matter how good of a shot they are, firing from one moving vehicle at another they can't be certain they won't hit someone. any way you look at it, it's just plain wrong. ironically, the us being in iraq is the exact same thing. sure, someone from al-whatever could know someone else in iraq, but going in there and blowing up buildings with shock and awe is just as mindless and just as wrong. either way, you're killing innocent people just to give yourself a false sense of security. the joke would have been funnier if you replaced atheists with nihilists'. pwn3d! suggestion to improve digg i was just reading the board myself. it looks like aegis had a policy of not putting warning signs on their suvs, but they still would shoot at cars that came too close. the posters on the board were recanting stories in which some teams would have to break company policy and put signs on the suvs anyway. they thought the rule was ridiculous and was causing unnecessary casualties. i can't believe they would not have warning signs. that is the least they could do to avoid a civilian casualties. i hope you work for a private security contractor otherwise you need to follow the law. my first thought when i saw the article was, don't tell me they are going to try and justify killing people the same way they are justifying spying on us citizens.i can't believe that you would consider it acceptable to often have these vehicles carry warning signs. the should always carry warning signs. that is the least they could do to avoid civilian casualties. error 404 - not found sorry, but what you're looking for isn't here. perhaps you typed a url incorrectly or clicked on a broken hyperlink. if there's a pauline clayton legal defense fund, i'll happily contribute. as for the other woman, this could be the incident that convinces me that texas really does need the death penalty. i love it, but have a few nits. the pictures disappear when i move the cursor over them, replaced by a blank rectangle. i don't care about the statistics to appear at the top, i'd like it to be highlighted and perhaps grown slightly, a la the mac os x dock. i want to be able to tell if its worth loading in full. having the clicked on pictures appear at the bottom does not work well when there are more than a couple of rows of pictures. it would have lost its subtle jab. you hardly ever see something this blatantly, farcical stupid that doesn't have a religious connection. that's the point as far as i could tell. i dunno. gotta kill something. i propose he be sent to iraq since he likes shooting humans. was he a democrat? do you think that might've been the reason cheney did it? do you think he won't go to jail, in that case? that might depend. say you're wearing a turban, or have a large beard. then, in your case, according to the bush administration, that'll get you gitmo. the funnier part is the comments from people asking that the joke be explained code reuse was oop's biggest promise. was it? some people can't sleep when they drink coffee. with me, it's just the other way round: i can't drink coffee when i sleep. alternate title: on secret texas prison-ranch vice president hunts elderly. man is the deadliest game of all,says cheney. :-) so the democrat spin then? no, he's from midland, texas, an oil town. he went to college in new haven. his family hails from elsewhere in connecticut. good article! i remember one of paul graham's essays talking about mainstream languages gradually adopting the big features of lisp, one by one. if he's correct, discarding traditional oo practices would be one more step along that path. just what the world doesn't need.. another geek blog. the headline is a bit misleading. i think everyone should design their sites according to web standards; that includes using alt text for images. nice web designers might even throw in a few css rules for screen readers and braille terminals. that said, i don't like the idea that you can be sued for bad web design. when in the course of a pheasant shoot, napoleon had the misfortune to pepper massena, injuring one of his eyes, massna laid the blame on berthier, although only napoleon had fired a shot. everyone understood perfectly the discretion of the courtier, and massna was overwhelmed by attentions from the emperor. --baron de marbot he's amazing, love him filliam h muffman that's classic. that argument hasn't been made in the mainstream for about 10 years. i think the myth was debunked pretty quickly. well i guess it is re-use compared to non oo languages like cobol, that's for sure, so it's all relative. of course, reuse taken to the extreme means macros that generate macros that generate etc still you end up twitching about with a high level s expression language that only the creator once understood. then they rewrite it in an oo language. i think it's more a case of taking on more and more functional ideas. and i don't think it really had much to do with lisp. i think it will have more to do with needing to be massively parallel to take advantage of the new moore's law. let's not throw the baby out with the bath water here. inheritance is indeed overrated. encapsulation, however, leads to improved code maintainability and readability, and to some extent to reuse. good programmers just take it for granted now that data structures should be grouped with the functions that access those structures and algorithms that operate on them. i'm kind of thinking: who cares?the fact that wild game isn't loaded up with growth hormones and antibiotics is one good reason. wild animals also tend to lead better lives than those on factory farms. inheritance incurs another onerous problem: it propagates bugs. a faulty member function in a base class contaminates every derived class. and a faulty library function contaminates all the code that uses it. that's why i only code in hex on machines i built myself using rocks and wire hangers. apis and libraries are for suckas. an interesting article to review in light of recent danish comics being cited as the cause for violent riots and bombings. what are the differences and similarities between the two incidents? why should i choose the symfony php framework given that python is cooler and there are about 3904242 other neato frameworks out there. it seems neat though so i'm looking for some positive reinforcement. very interesting project. thanks for linking. cool. something is rotten in the state of texas. invading her private space?? what is going on here? september 2004 - good article nevertheless the number of japanese who killed themselves in online suicide pacts rose sharply last year, according to the bbc. japan has one of the highest suicide rates in the world, and the pacts may appeal to those scared to die alone. these japanese internet suicide club accounted for at least 26 deaths in the last 2 months i actually got almost to the end before i got it was very puzzled for a while. very unfortunate names indeed :) are you claiming that writing secure code requires that you implement handling of all corner cases first time? really, don't be silly. you don't forget them. you catch those corner cases later, because you review and test secure code. several times, in different ways. what is true, is that you come up with ideas of corner cases when you are implementing a function first time. but if you try to solve all cases right, you really lose your focus. often handling obscure cases properly requires much more than simple if-clause. if one case pops in your mind, just comment that. you can focus on that later and implement it with care. i'm going to attempt to do justice to wikipedia's entry on the society for creative anachronism. is contractor a nicey nice term for mercenary? so is that clipboard thing a bug in ie? or a feature'? he confuses modula-2 with simula. stl is a recent addition to c ? haha. sounds like someone picked up a functional language and then went back to look at the stl and it finally clicked with them. i think in a while this guy is going to realize how awful the syntax of c and error messages are when he attempts to write more and more code in a parametric polymorphic and functional style. then he will pine for a functional language without garbage collection to replace c -which won't happen. bit to ms live centred for my liking happy valentines day! interesting article cool! the latter if you ask ms, the former if you ask anyone else. this is old news, but i'm voting it up so that the word is spread, in case there exist people who haven't heard it yet. very nice, though nothing new here. okay, except the clipboard thing, i didn't know that. but then again, i'm not using windows, nor explorer. css rules for screen readers and braille terminals'? =) do you have any idea about what you're talking? breaking news! historians just discovered that stalin, mao tse-tung and hitler were hippie atheists whose prime pastime was picnicking! in fact, they were the most peace-loving mass-murderers to ever have graced earth's soil with holiday death camps, gulag fun-parks and operette cultural revolutions! other news! today, 1,000,000,000 muslims went out on the streets to buy groceries, go to work and not protest cartoons, in stark contrast to 10,000 other muslims, or 0.00001 of the muslim population, who riotously protested what they perceived to be anti-muslim cartoons. the 0.00001 of the muslim population were mostly backed by non'-governmental organisations that handed out danish flags, lunch packs and cigarette lighters. sale of danish flags in iran is up infinite compared to last year. this morning in danish newspaper caricature: we don't know!! cognitive dissonance is understandable, but clicking the down arrow really is the cherry on top on top of the cake. talk to the hand. the face don't understand. i agree with travis here. i wonder why some people would mod him down. i think people should realize very well that freedom of speech is unconditional and that any talk of respect for another's beliefs is erosive of liberty. your citation will be in the mail ;-) surely one of the best car adverts of all time? and apparently they really did it - no special effects here. a site that has articles about amazing, interesting or fascinating facts to know, learn or ponder upon, including quotes and did you know?facts. it doesn't tell you how fast you have to drink the coffee. also, my body is incapable of sleeping outside of my normal bedtime pattern unless i am sick. yay! ha. i'm sure i've met a few of the, er, larger models of linux geek for whom this is a serious suggestion that gets a chuck norris on the scale of badass-ity. technology security intelligence report for february 13, 2006. nics pictures lets not lose sight of those heads of state who terrorize and abuse the rights of their own people. notice someone's comment on the page: don't suppose you guys actually read this through its asking that svod services be set as copy never. its not asking that normal broadcast tv be marked this way. because vod is video on demand, theres no reason to record it to your dvr, you simply order it from the vod screens. the reason for this is because hbo, and the cable provider can get metrics on activity as well as charge for certain events over and over. currently with comcast, when you pay for hbo as a premium channel for normal broadcast, you also get hbo vod free. yeah, i hate hugo chavez, too. right on midlife crisis. let's tell those despicable meat eaters what's up. no more death to animals. i can't believe my insurance company won't cover my pets to get the care they need. my cat needs dialysis playing devil's advocate a little bit, why should target's website be excluded from the ada while target's physical buildings must comply? seems to me it'd be cheaper and easier to make a website comply than a building. thank you, but wikipedia is not a reliable source. it's good for gossip, but not for facts. for facts, i'd need a scientific journal or similar. also, i'd like to add that i have nothing against moderate muslims at all. it's the religious fundamentalists, including christians, that concern me. sure, there are no car analogies at all in discussions about software engineering, ever, no, never seen one i'm studying scheme to learn about functional programming. as a practical functional language any recommendations, dylan, erlang, ocaml, haskell? at face value this is a video of occupying troops excessively beating on local kids it certainly looks bad and heartless; the camera man's commentary doesn't help matters. but, it is impossible to tell exactly what happened prior to this. i bumped you up because you made me smile. ;) i agree. and that's why she got arrested. it still makes sense for them to drop the charges though. you know, i have to admit to uncovering some prejudice within myself after reading this. of course! the scientists would naturally feel restricted in a muslim country, and therefore they would emigrate elsewhere. it is in less restricted countries where their ideas are developed, and where they receive credit for their work. this explains why i never hear about arabs inventing anything. it also explains why, that yes, horribly restrictive muslim countries will always have to be the buyers of new technology, never the inventors. also, as long as a country treats their women like property, they will never have the respect of countries that are far more enlightened. your point is totally correct, but a nitpick: there is no right to speak at a private event. there's a right to speak absolutely anywhere you're allowed to be. they can, however, revoke your permission to be in a private event if you don't follow their rules. see the distinction? i first read this as geek farmer finds and i was all like a geek farmer? what?and then i was like oh, ok, cool! must read!and then i read it and i was like ohhh duh like, heh. helter, it is always interesting to read differing viewpoints. i did learn some things from this thread, mainly because of you, and people arguing against you. please don't feel bad. however, i'm even more opposed to restrictive fundamentalists now more than ever. i'm willing to hear more, though. i know some moderate muslims here in the united states, and they seem okay. the funniest part is the guy who didn't even ask, but just assumed it was an attack on atheists because atheists are always getting persecuted. not particularly new stuff for tv. back in the 1970s there were a bunch of cop shows with the policemen heroes violating all manner of laws. i don't recall that it ever rose to torture, but then i only watched so much. really, really wrong. i can't believe marshall wrote this it's not the moderates who terrify me. it's the fundamentalists who treat women like property. if the xian fundies get their way, we'll be living in the dark ages. you might not come back to this thread, so i'll try to find you in another, because you seem like a thoughtful, intelligent person. i'd like to ask you how you personally feel about the proper role of women in a society. can we somehow ban this darrell guy? he's nothing more than a self-promoting scumsack. wow, lots of bad karma for stating a plain fact! ;) i would submit that gary trudeau and many others know exactly what the creationist arguments are. is this a running gag? will this be submitted every day for the rest of the web? isn't this a duplicate? nice. submitted two times within 3 hours. i copied a string to the clipboard from outside ie, and it was visible. to reddit, apparently that looks like a pretty cool game. it was so cool there is most definitely a trend toward women having less babies as their education increases, but . . . global population has done nothing but increase since time began. even if every couple only replace themselves', each generation will still double. if my spouse and i have two children, and they in turn each have two children, i will have four grandchildren. if each grandchild marries and each couple decides to replace themselves', i will have eight great-grandchildren. what kind of filament does it have?? a declining birthrate would only negatively impact the gnp because the gnp measures just that, growth of more money circulating in the economy. if the goals of a country were stable amounts of money circulating in the economy, but increases in education and technology and standard of living, the gnp would not be important. unsettling. all evolution occurs on the molecular level whether it pertains to viruses, bacteria, or mammals. creationists believing in micro-evolution is nonsense. i've been to the tidepools and this isn't the best location to shoot for them. for those who don't know this already, markdown is the engine that turns reddit comments into html. nah, i got the joke. didn't they just pretty much remake it and call it the island'? for college and high school students. if you follow their plan and don't make a 4.0, they'll give you 100.00. a new study suggests that the times when we sit around twiddling our thumbs could in fact be vital for learning. seems like a duharticle to me. no, you're mistaking libertarians for leftists. just tested it with ie6 under wine, and it displayed the url as i copied it from the firefox clipboard. the difference between religious and nonreligious people like that is the reason they have for their actions. no atheist kills theists because he was told to do it in a 2000 year old book. they have reasons from their own life, good or bad ones, but the reasons are their own, not the ones of long dead people. true, though presumably you could use ajaxy techniques to get it back to the server at the drop of a hat. ha ha yeah, good point. indeed, this submission makes little sense if one doesn't know this. like, cool, yet another wiki dialect oh noes my computer is broadcasting an ip address! a list of http headers and whatnot just isn't that fascinating, folks. if only we could put the right people in power, maybe they wouldn't take away our freedoms. just get the right people, and everything would be fine ya, i was joking. i love logan's run and hope they do a good job. wow that was pretty good and the powerpoint at the top provides a nice summary for the parts you may feel like skimming. haven't we had enough of ideology? america doesn't need an ideological left any more than it needs the current ideological right that is firmly entrenched in washington. what we need is a rejection of ideologies in favour of pragmatic, commonsensical, reformist, truthful ideals. the immorality of the iraq war, for example, is not because it is an invention of the american right. this unethical untruthful immorality is the product of an ideology, but an opposing ideology is not required to consider it, attack it, and ultimately end it. wait, so, don't don't follow it? i'm confused. i have supreme confidence in singer. the usual suspects was awesome, and the x-men films were awesome. i look forward to this movie. the first rule of citing research is to actually cite it. nowhere in this article is there a reference to an actual study published in a scientific journal, which makes me very, very suspicious. and no, the new york times is not a reputable scientific journal. maybe the use of secretin the article's title was intended as sarcasm perversely beautiful. this is my site, and i'm testing reddit submit links while i'm at it read this if you're a geek this is why the rule of law is so important. without our politicians living by the law we will become victims of arbitrary anger. this is why bush's surveillance should be stopped. if it's not then someday i will get rendered by a politico and be given a ticket, or shot on the premises. why haven't we heard from more intellectuals like susan sontag you mean besides that she's dead? more seriously, i think the author needs a calendar. the firebrands of the 60's are pushing 60 themselves. the younger generation is of a very different character. they are more like their great-grandparents who fought in wwii. they are very conformist and politically naive. the ones in between, the xers, have never had the cohesion necessary for mass political action. these cycles have come up before i expect another revolution like the 60's around the 2050's or so. until then it's not productive to pout. agreed. basically this barely mentions science. ten tonnes of hand-picked geek resources to investigate next time add something like windows to os x to the title please witty? wise, perhaps. if you want some witty quotes, hit up bash.org and check the top 100. :) most of you us use safari: the smart ones use camino i agree with you that this article is not very scientific, however this is the first time i read about prions and i'm a second year cellular biology student. never has anything been introduced about prions in any class i took. weird news from around the world and web. unfortunately the state of the law in russia is very lamentable. this is not the first case of car accidents, where simple people suffer from politician's actions. last year's minister of defence son killed an old lady who was crossing a street and he walked away without any punishment. seen those before, they are amazingly unreal, reminding me of abstract drawings. augh! if it is, i can't tell! that's a second tomb after the egyptian one, found in a short period of time, must be the archaeologists lucky month. 21 sep 2004 != new on the internet well, they've done a study, and put actual numbers to it. that's worth something. assault? yep, americans are crazy. ms word anyone? bussard is an honorary professor at the pasteur institute in paris, france. and prions are chaperones. actually, it's a testament to the success of apple's campaign that people thinking of switchers think of windows to mac switchers. i certainly did, anyways, when i read the title. in my youth i liked going to the states. now, if i can avoid it, i won't set foot on that loonie land. sad thing is that loonie land is spreading like a virus around the world. lipstick terrorists. hip mendoza, i shot at high tide unfortunately. please feel free to recommend a better spot and i will be glad to add it to the site. almost every day during the hunting season you see at least one item in the newspapers about somebody who has shot somebody else, under the impression that he was a deer with a red hat, perhaps. maybe a large flesh-colored squirrel. at any rate, it seems to me that this marks an encouraging new trend in the field of blood sports thanks to tom lehrer for that thought. i don't know if i believe this is not a hoax when were they taken? his point is off topic. everyone else is busy talking about china's plans for world domination via birdshot, and he brings up an ethical issue without much elaboration. a lot like a troll. a recent harris interactive poll found that 56 percent of all u.s. adults have heard of iptv and a large portion of those expressed interest in adopting iptv on their tv's and home pc's. 56? highly unlikely. i'd be surprised if 56 of them have heard of voip. what does unpaper have to do with pdf? near as i can tell from the unpaper page, it just works with the page image files for auto deskewing and auto cropping. it's left up to you to convert it to pdf or whatever format you want. quickly scanning the links you gave, none of them seem to do that image editing. so use unpaper and then convert to djvu instead of pdf if your heart desires it. the whole thing sounds like a clear case of entrapment to me ;) code to handle star-ratings bars in your website. wow, that's pretty crappy. if you're hit from behind there's pretty much a 99.9 chance that the other driver was in the wrong. yet because the other driver was a politician, this guy loses 4 years of his life? sounds like a great place to live! she realizes it. she says that her dumb blonde act is just a cynical ploy to be famous, and this certainly plays into that. do you have a point? r is ridiculously useful and nearly unknown. and it's not like anything new has happened with markdown recently. always with the bush bashing eh. stick to the point. human rights violations in russia. i wonder how long a normal 1 light bulb would last if it was never turned off? when the price of petrol soared this year, he grafted a chainsaw engine onto a bicycle to make a moped. i for one would really like to see this! those boys in the city. how easily sheep are herded into their masters mindset. i'd really like to hear where you work and how it makes you different from the rest of the sheep'. a gnu project reinventing the wheel that's the point of the gnu project isn't it? to reinvent software as free-as-in-speech software. liberals are here too. i am, anyway. it's okay to point my finger at them when they don't, isn't it? you can point at the americans that aren't doing what you think they should do. it's not ok to point at americans'. however, only on rare occasions will a program crash and take your system down with it this guy obviously hasn't used windows since 98, or possibly even 3.1. i've yet to see a windows application on 2000 or xp crash and take the whole system down with it. ok, thanks. the fact that does not work in external apps is related to my system. btw, just tested if it's possible to automatically post via ajax the clipboard data and it works, so it's possible to automatically collect every kind of sensitive information the user have there. too, too bad. i'm not sure what you think ideology means. just because nazism was a bad ideology doesn't mean ideology is bad. pragmatic, commonsensical, reformist, truthful ideals is an ideology. we liberals tend to think that ours is mostly all four of those things. otherwise we wouldn't be liberals. ditto for the neocons. they're wrong about the iraq war, but not because they're neocons. dunno what you specifically disagree with in this guy's article. we have no national debate. the house of representatives is no longer a deliberative body. america is, currently, kinda broken. can i ask exactly what application crashes the whole of xp when it happens? the most common flame wars i've seen are not the related to mis-interpretation of email at all, rather flame wars fall under two broad categories: 1. some people like to nitpick every little thing you say - i.e. they like to argue, 2. some people will disagree with your stance - i.e. they just don't like what you have to say. i disagree, and misinterpretation doesn't need a hyphen. sorry. it had to be done. hahah, these sites pop up every so often and they're just so lame. the only point of interest was the clipboard thing. you aren't running ie on windows so we can't see your clipboard of course i'm not, what do you think i am, stupid? -1. but, why? modern farming methods are disturbing. nothing will probably be done about it until it's almost too late. in the meantime you can still buy organic biodynamic food if you want to support farmers who are doing the right thing. not lay enough. lol, i wasn't aware of such a law. can i use mussolini and the italian fascists in my example instead? i thought windows to linux actually. everything that can trigger a bug in something that runs as a driver. games crash windows through directx or buggy copy protection drivers, movie players through codecs, the headline is a misleading bit of propaganda. the problem is a real one, and one easily enough solved, if people decide that it's important. you're right, i'm adjusting my statement, your way of saying it is more correct. i'm pointing my finger at americans that don't do what they should do to keep people, like the current white house administration, out of power. i think i'm justified in that. here's a question for anyone who cares to answer: what can i do to effect change? i put in volunteer time with the aclu currently every week. i work for political campaigns i believe in when they come around. yet having the right people in power or getting the courts to rule a certain way doesn't seem to do much, and there's no weapon to let one man stand against the entire united states security forces. so what to do? why does someone need an ibm webpage to show r to the world? just point to www.r-project.org do you know www.google.com? that might help you. i am not in the statistical research and i know r for 10 years maybe. there was never any specific applications that would cause me problems this is exactly my point. applications can't bring windows down post windows 98. driver errors can, but not applications. so drivers, not applications. guys like hitler, mao, stalin and to a lesser extent cheney. people who share characteristics with them are everywhere. i'm not a cheney lover, but it offends me no end to see you include him in that list of mass murderers. you do an injustice to the tens of millions that died at the hands of hitler, mao, and stalin. huh. it shames me that i never knew that. sorry, you can't pick and choose applications of a theory to fit your religion and claim to be scientific. i agree with judgmentalist --people know what the creationist arguments are, probably especially garry trudeau. not really, considering 50 of all scientific tests are inaccurate. i said: to a lesser extent', that means not equal. but i do think they share some characteristics. of course i think that cheney is responsible for far less people than hitler. and that mao is the biggest mass murderer of all time, more than 25 million. but part of the reason i'm putting them in the same sentence is because i want to help prevent people from dying. i hope i'm doing that by writing this. the more people we can prevent from dying needlessly premature horrible death, the better no? i'm sure that mr. cheney agrees with me on that and would defend my efforts of promoting this ideal. i'm sorry if i offended you, i'm not trying to lessen the suffering the people must have felt under hitler, stalin, mao etc. i feel a kind of pain when i think of their victims. please believe me. and please help me, it's not that hard, we're the majority after all. orders of magnitude less wouldn't you say? the fascists are fair game :) you have to go through i, b, and m to get to r orders of magnitude less wouldn't you say? yes, true pdfs are a perfectly adequate mass-distribution format for ocred scans. the point is that ocr performs very poorly with a lot of noise on a skewed page. the point of this unpaper thing is to correct these errors so that the ocr will go through correctly. scan - unpaper - ocr - pdf - distribute quail season! duck season. quail season! quail season hate to say it but this is a built in feature for mac os. it is accessible under the keyboard menus modifier keys button. ah, you beat me to it, sir. good show. i agree, and the modding is even worse than on slashdot. yeah, especially since 90 of all statistics are made up right? your comment is one of those that the study is talking about, sarcasm or seriousness. is this statement sarcasm or serious? in the past i have seen this idea attributed to kurt von hammerstein-equord: i divide my officers into four classes; the clever, the lazy, the industrious, and the stupid. each officer possesses at least two of these qualities. those who are clever and industrious are fitted for the highest staff appointments. use can be made of those who are stupid and lazy. the man who is clever and lazy however is for the very highest command; he has the temperament and nerves to deal with all situations. but whoever is stupid and industrious is a menace and must be removed immediately! however, i don't have a reference. the part on fat in chicken meat is especially interesting. i always thought chicken meat was a healthier alternative. no, you're mistaking liberals for leftists. i'm pointing my finger at americans that don't do what they should do to keep people, like the current white house administration, out of power. you mean americans who don't vote right? what country are you in modulo? a feedburner feedflare to submit rss items to reddit.com. forgive my ignorance, but does this have anything to do with cold fusion and really cheap electricity? russell has implemented his partial programming concepts in a language called alisp, an extension of lisp. if that's a mistake, then yes, yes i am. my understanding is that the left, in america, is mostly subsumed in progressivism this american liberalism'. not a whole lot of plain old communists here. no, not really getting anywhere. i don't disagree with you on any particular point. i didn't mean democrat when i said liberal', but i'm also registered as a democrat. i would vote for a republican if i thought that would more likely encourage better government. i think it would be great if there were more politicians who espoused my ideals in a coherent manner. a more coherent manner than bernard-henri levy found in his search. i don't think that he's saying we should have more people that pull the democrats ever, or think that every conservative should be dismissed because of their party affiliation. he is asking for a more vigorous discussion of progressive ideas. wisdom of crowds. i'm not understand the fact that websites can read your clipboard if you use ie is worth a vote. 1. the economist is good for you. 2. tom wolfe-style social commentary is not. 3. lupinsensei's got you cold. that you actually use the word ideology while committing the false consciousness fallacy is comic gold. an interesting article. logan's run is okay, but here are some 70s or 80s post-apocalyptic films that beat it: 1. zardoz - i love this movie, it's simultaneously bad and good 2. silent running 3. the quiet earth 4. thx 1138 - probably overrated, but i still think it beats logan's run 5. omega man 6. a boy and his dog feedburner feedflare to add content items to newsvine.com. nuclear fusion has been explored as a potential source of power, but we are not looking at this as an energy source right now i hope they do gazillionaire is the award-winning game of business strategy. it was selected as a finalist in the ziff-davis shareware of the year awards and was ranked in the top 5 of all strategy games. gazillionaire is a cross between monopoly set in outer space and wall street in wonderland. it's a wild, intergalactic game of business strategy. interesting. for years i've made entries in my work diary in reverse order, starting with the present moment and working backward. i tried to resist since i would prefer my notes to be in the conventional forward order but i found going backward through my recollections makes it much easier to accurately unravel my memories of recent events. rats seem to agree. if you include directx as a driver, then yes.  . i think you've missed the point. are you arguing that if you're hit from behind by a politician you're a loser and deserve to go to a labour camp for four years? that's not a fine place to live because the law is discriminatory and arbitrary. making it to the top seems to mean you're a thug in a gang that rules on the basis on privilege rather than merit. has a lot of correlation with the four noble truths in buddhism mentally dull but physically energetic bush? i agree. it's a survival ofthe fittest attitude. rich or poor, powerful or weak, arbitrary laws like this lead to social unrest; if working citizens have no confidence that their system administers justice equally for all, it chips away at security of all kinds: economic, familial, and national. this is a very good solution if you are one of those people who work on the road, because you can access this application from wherever there is internet access. the word ideology is used as an insult throughout the us -- nevertheless, it is doubtful whether one can act politically without acting ideologically as well. of course, since the current incumbent of the white house ran on an anti-political ticket, and critics of the administration are often accused of playing politics', perhaps politics is about to go into the same verbal junkyard as ideology. however beware the unpolitical politician, beware the ideological politician. where to start? people who can make rational arguments, backed up by solid evidence, should be given their due consideration and respect regardless of what beliefs they adhere to. that is nonsense. substitution necessary to underline the stupidity of the argument that follows. baa. yes, no one has any idea what bush has been up to. geez, this guy is definitely from drama school. the patrick henry speech is over the top. get real. even if you think bush is bad, all the checks and balances are still in place, guys. no one is king. we're still allowed to elect our representatives. and last i checked we're still in a democracy. if you want to get involved, go ahead. but don't try to make me believe you've got a better form of government around the corner, because you don't. actually, if we could have that instead of the annoying intrusive and mostly pointless ground-based security we've got now, that might not be a bad trade nooo! this is the best blog! ok, so where was cheney??? sorry, couldn't resist as the great thinker homer once said: people can come up with statistics to prove anything fourteen percent of all people know that. i've seen people using this to take notes in class and it looks pretty cool. yes, about two orders of magnitude less, but 100000 people dead in iraq, afghanistan, are still a lot of dead people. but to compare with mao or stalin, how many of those did cheney actually murder though? the insurgents aren't following cheney's orders are they. hate to inform you, cell biology is the old guard. you're preparing yourself for years of drudgery lab monkey work. maybe in 10 years you'll be allowed to learn about prions or form research plans of your own, until then get back to running those gels. assuming it's true, this has to be another high water mark for injustice in russia. legally enforced caste system. it's good to see media attention on this and local support and outrage. he is the operational definition. sounds great, but it's published on sun's website, the guy works for sun i'll believe the paradigm shift when it happens outside of sun. hopefully the reddit community knows something i don't about this. just another anti-israeli piece.. everyone knows the cartoons were published in egypt months ago and nobody said anything. i'm glad you're so well-informed. are you somehow affiliated with the project? how is that getting a negative score? it's insanely great juggling! we have bigger problems than the two party system. hell, china has bigger problems than their one party system. but yeah, maybe in fifty years we'll be able to look back and see that american democracy had already failed in 2000. i looks like it might be cool but i don't understand the graph at the bottom or why some of the circles are bigger than others or where the new circles are coming from. i would understand it as trust your subconscious mind or something alike, do not exert hard thinking. remember the chemist who got the formula he was looking for during a dream? a snake biting his tail, for the carbon molecule, if i remember well. boring. i couldn't bear to sit through the guy slowly explaining simple oo principals to get to why this language is different or important. in any case, i'm sure it's another subset of lisp anyway :) i'm going to run out and trademark mr. fusion', just in case. ;-) more propaganda the article is from 2004, so the idea doesn't seem to have caught on quickly. interesting development, but i think the 300 more efficient is a bit misleading. it's not overall efficiency of the vehicle, but the storage system itself. as johnson sat behind the wheel of the expedition, agency officials said the hydraulic hybrid version would get 32 mpg in city driving and 22 mpg on the highway. the conventional gasoline-only expedition averages 13 mpg in the city and 20 mpg on the highway. also, ford didn't invent it, epa scientists developed the technology, and worked with ford on the truck. i'll post a link to a more informative article. good tip though! this introductory article encapsulates four of the top things learned about major enterprise linux scaling. these four convey the first rung, or foundational aspects for a robust scaled server complex using linux. they also address issues seen fairly consistently in some linux enterprises. fractions are quite a small subset of the reals. are there actually any real world tasks which require precise fractions but don't require precise square roots, logs or trig? war is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength. doesn't mention my favorite free registry cleaner: ccleaner. as the article mentions though, use any registry cleaner at your own discretion. sand magic! artist creates animation with sand yeah, um, isn't claiming you have a paradigm shift one of the sure signs of a crackpot? reminds me of some work i did on an algorithm to reformulate sql search criteria as a series of non-overlapping intervals. the intervals can be executed independently. and each interval can be run in either direction, allowing the overall task to be further subdivided. all parts can run in parallel. also eliminates need for some conventional indexing. it does work and ran in a production system. but i've wanted to do more with the approach. this article might just get me motivated again. i thought rejecting the axiom of choice got your maths degree rescinded? right, cause running a country is just like ordering pizza. that looks awesome, but what happens when you place your new laptop down on a big a magnet?? that didn't look like a very serious crash. and truth be told, i was staring you know what i mean. plus 10 each for shipping i love how torture is in quotes everywhere the us does it, but when terrorists do it, the quotes are gone. edit: i don't think you should carry on the propaganda to reddit titles. bullet lists aren't very well written about time. but why picasa first? why not start with gds, the most practical and useful google desktop app? pride, sin, selfishness, etc because we already have beagle and deskbar. then again, we already have f-spot, so maybe they're just picking at random. wow, i think the development cycle on my current project just sped forward by two weeks. thanks!!! this page was physically painful to read due to the obnoxious color scheme. freemind is awesome. i have used it to develop web sites, make business plans, flesh out story ideas, write reports. fantastic application all around. that video reminds me of why i sold my motorcycle. there are no minor accidents when you are on a bike. self-disparaging humor is, however, international. he may have intended to make himself sound more arrogant or naive than he was in real life. money would be a good example. one of the first things they tell you when joining the financial software industry is don't use floats for currency!', and yet everybody does it anyway. i'm betting that the recurrent complaints i hear about friends missing pennies from their bank statements is all due to round-off error. the current best practice- expressing all currencies in terms of the lowest denomination of that currency - is impractical because there are so many different lowest denominations'. and they even change: look at the rule change a couple years back that switched nyse prices from being quoted in 8ths to being quoted in cents. fractions would be an ideal fit for exact monetary calculations. i was actually wondering what it means to be an honorary professor. that doesn't seem to imply that he should know what he's talking about. also, while prions and chaperones both act by changing the conformation of a protein, i would argue that they are not the same. a chaperone is coded by the genome of that same individual and is specifically designed to aid in the folding of a particular protein. prions, however, are infectious agents that misfolded proteins into a non functional conformation. didn't we see another article here a while back about the benefits of a 15 minute nap? it seems like the coffee is unnecessary. i absolutely agree. to anyone who has read about punctuated equilibrium, dna methylation, neutral theory, etc., it is clear that biology is constantly undergoing revolutions in theory. granted, i'm studying evolutionary biology, so perhaps my view is skewed, but i think most educated people would agree a lot of very exciting things are happening in science these days. too much time on their hands, nothing useful to do an excellent guidance to students thinking about any phd - not just math bim nope, are you? i'm glad that you are glad that i am well informed. are you? negative 60? this guys is selling a bunch of stuff on ebay in the hopes of raising money. he's actually got a car on here. w00t so we're gonna see cheney digging in the dirt finally!? i don't agree that it is wrong to start a sentence with a conjunction, unless you are writing for an audience of english 101 professors. it is, or course, important to avoid doing it in excess. but what isn't? this article is awesome!! no one doubts that the press should be free to satirize. but freedom of the press cannot excuse the promotion of noxious stereotypes. i'd hate to kick a dead horse, but i happen to agree with chomsky when he said: goebbels was in favor of free speech for views he liked. so was stalin. if you're really in favor of free speech, then you're in favor of freedom of speech for precisely for views you despise. otherwise, you're not in favor of free speech.bush is the head of the executive branch he's responsible for everything that goes on under the cabinet secretaries. that's why it's called the bush administration that'll make an inspiring mission statement for a school: to ensure that at least 5 of our students know what an embargo is. if yesterday's illiteracy blesses today's, then clearly the millenium is at hand and we can quit worrying about the schools. if not, maybe we should spare a groan for the chester finns who walked 4 miles through snow to plow through the mcguffey's reader, and then move on. here's hoping for a new breed of valentine's shopper! my karma dropped from 450 to 390 dude, i can't help but smile the word algebradoes come from that part of the world . i don't know about the field itself, but the name certainly does. wikipedia says it comes from the title of the book by a persian chap - al-jabr wa-al-muqabalah algebra is a fearsome cult,a justice department spokesman said - you shoulda said al-jabrand you'd have been bang on .. you're now zapping the internet fantastic! ferenc cak - hungarian artist www.cakostudio.hu great list, funny too. from a linux distribution, to microsoft, to a .net company. wicked article! best line: everyone remembers the exact moment when they realized that their phantom menace sandwich was filled with shit. i don't even really remember much from the film, except thinking, this was only made to sell video games and merchandise.and jar jar. cool, now it's down to 260. the unthinking hordes are automatically modding down everything i post without looking to see if it's actually interesting. this is a great social experiment in how reddit actually works: it doesn't matter if your posts are interesting, if people don't like what you say in comments. yeah this never really took off in the mainstream, and that's a shame. which represents an 90 saving from dell's normal shipping price! biting my tongue. ouch!! this is the best thing ever submitted to reddit. it's now halved again in an hour. excellent, excellent, and almost entirely on target. i'm only unsure about starcraft. i'm not sure how well the game's storyline would translate to a movie. why does every new theory, programming strategy, or piece of software anyone comes up with have to be termed a paradigm shift?at least once a week. i rather doubt she would wear a shirt like that if she really cared though. how to stop firefox from using so much ram. why can't america ever get some decent graphics? your bank account balance is between 5.12 and 5242.88. soon you'll be able to write a check for a sum that lies between 1.00 and 1.01. :) i agree. i would much rather have something thoughtful than one of the valentine standards'. great article! that, and he seems to have a problem with his brakes; the rears appeared to lock up before the fronts. the author makes his first ncaa tournament prediction in this post-uconn victory article. i don't really get how this is solves the nonlinear system problem. it looks like numerical approximation except with a well defined error margin, there's no guarantee that the error margin will converge to something useful. it's probably just overly fluffy reporting that's at fault though. interval arithmetic is one of the exercises in structure interpretation of computer languages, an intro cs book. this stuff isn't new i think i might be in agreement. this is like the fusion of five or six essays worth of terrific commentary. i can't find a point i disagree with. excellent advice i'm going to try it out tonight on my wife. things generally don't happen overnight in science and technology. when i was in school i was daydreaming of discovering spaceflight and travelling to far planets, now i'm a software architect brainlessly implementing the daydreaming of my idiot boss, that's life. this should go in the reddit hall of fame. i dig it i'm amazed at how sensitive people are modding on reddit. just mention looking at cleavage or joke about how difficult it would be to cheat an indian and people almost take it personal and mod you out of existence. if you really benefit from an article or comment, mod it up. if someone really oversteps the bounds, mod it down, but get a life and don't overreact because you are personally oversensitive or offended. i hate to admit it, but this is really true. it's incredibly annoying to be talking to a guy about a problem, and have him suggest an obvious solution. i immediately suspect he either doesn't think i'm very intelligent or doesn't care what i'm saying, and thus become wary about discussing problems with him in the future. washington news is doing an article against bush apparently, bush did not spend the money in the right places. ahhhh, young love. it's so pure. what you're talking about is a fundamental and inherent shortcoming in the human reasoning process. it applies to a lot more than just political ideology. hey i'm back. i got what you were talking about a while ago but i forgot it again, life can be hectic and distracting. i got it again on my own and decided to revisit my reddit posts. glad i did. thanks for the reply. do i have to change my browser configuration to see the joke? but nanoscale magnets proved to be a much better alternative because they were not subject to stray electrical charges turning worthless thank-you gifts into cash, one bid at a time. how will reforms happen in an emerging market like india? this piece of advice, also found in men are from mars, women are from venus, is about the best thing you'll ever hear. in men are from mars, women are from venus, women are also told that men aren't particularly interested in personal advice from their girlfriends unless they ask for it themselves. to most men, asking for help is a major thing to do. it's private, you ask your best friend you have, and the other man will instantly recognize it for what it is: a plea for help, which shouldn't be talked about outside the intimate forum just established. girls, i've been told, apparently find this quite strange. i like the creativity of the new ideas that are popping up round the net. phil from the other side of the fence: it's incredibly irritating to be listening to a woman with a problem, and have her not seeing an obvious solution. i immediately suspect she either doesn't think or doesn't care what she's saying, and thus become wary about listening to her problems in the future. what i don't understand is, why women do this. communications fails most of the time anyway, so why make it more complicated by not mentioning the intention directly? just to constantly test the empathy of men? men believe more in trust than in constant testing. that's why we forget valentines day and other annual things. they just don't matter for something like trust. trust is earned by extraordinary doings not by buying some flowers. well, i whining here women are just so mysterious it's true there wasn't as much outrage, partly because it doesn't affect us. if the us goes to war illegally and undermines the un that is bad for europe. if the us decides to spy on its own citizens without due process, what do we care? no. still not funny. i think a series like serenity would be better. sometimes they come quite close with this cowboy atmosphere. it just lacks the aliens. they don't have to translate the game's storyline into a movie, the game's universe is rich enough to create a brand new story. yahoo is publishing a whole lot of good design patterns. show a random image with the help of javascript. only create the images and copy paste the script. maybe they should strip the question mark from the url and see if it's already been submitted without it. if so, don't accept the submission. it's worth reading the gamers manifesto linked at the base of the list as this also makes some very good points. a series like serenity you sound like you haven't seen firefly despite their allergy to nuclear weapons. lol the luxury passenger ship of tomorrow is going to sail in the air rather than the sea. that's what here is the proof slight meta tag overkill, imho. you're already putting in a robots.txt and a favicon, there's really no point or advantage to reiterating it in on every freaking page. few search engines use meta data anymore anyway, at this point it's really just a waste. this is a fantastic article and exposes the filth and lies of the blair government mostly sarcasm, there was such a study but i forget whether it applies or whether that matters at all. this didn't happen in india, btw. it was in kansas, of all places clarence clemons, sheila e., oxana: a new star is born! i was kinda worried cos this story is down to -4, making me worry that it'll hurt my karma. then i thought, whatever. if the story drops much more, i'll just submit an article by paul graham with a question mark appended to the url to boost my score.i totally agree someone does need to cut up the last two matrix movies i disagree that the hitchhiker's guide stands alone as a piece of comedy writing, because it was actually a radio show in the first place. adams was good at radio shows because the listeners had to supply the visuals themselves, and the book and tv show similarly left a good amount to the imagination. but it's difficult to have a big-screen, high-def movie that leaves so much out. best gbs article i've seen yet, cory makes a very strong case. it must be better for the publishers to have out of print works noticeable, i just don't see how they couldn't make money from this. craziest dog ever! no need to get all excited about it. just vote it down. if you can actually place the order without the promotional price magically disappearing, it represents even more of a savings than dell. men are trained to hide their emotions and only communicate concrete information. women learn to communicate their emotions. the emotion is direct, it's just that us men are mis-interpreting the message by filtering out the emotional information. i love the internet. i totally remember john saying it's out 1800th show!and looking off-camera, but i didn't get it. and low and behold i get the backstory. valid points. if you are not careful you can come off as creepy! lol psychobabble i got a kick out of how many comments have jon stewart as an icon. haha, it's technically true. a rather amazing feat considering he essentially did a 180 in the width of two lanes at reasonable speed. the article does not say anything about reducing firefox memory usage by half or more'. -1 some of you may not be familiar with the haiku operating system, haiku began its life when be inc. the company behind beos went bust in 2001, and its intellectual property was sold to palm, inc. haiku's goal is to recreate and extend upon be inc s latest released version of beos, version r5. i think the different brands are necessary for marketing. would the h2 or escalade be as popular if they were made by hummer or oldsmobile? but then again this is a result of gm weakening its own brand. i definitely understand that argument, and you're right it's phrased in terms of permission rather than being forbidden outright. but imo grouping homosexuality with substance abuse,just to take one example from the agreement, is asking for trouble to say the least. it had plenty of time and star power to demonstrate its usefulness and failed. yet the idea didn't entirely die. if you compare literate programming to acceptance testing framework fit, there are some clear parallels. while literate programming remains a tiny niche idea, fit has carved a significant mindshare. so perhaps literature and programs weren't as analogous as knuth thought. but the verification tests for a program? now there are some facts for human consumption, a clear space where literate programming could flourish. it did, but with common office apps instead of tex. it kills me how many people are cashing in on people's innate ability to give their money away for stupid reasons. props to him for milking it though. just like captain bill copping bj's from interns had any effect on his running the office sweet point dude good summary. i wish i could see some similar results. how do you get dugg? i'm sick of reddit submissions that break the back bar and bring up a popup ad every time you click on the page. why does his audience not know what an sdk is? you know, it is possible even if nobody gets ripped off. that's the whole idea of relative value at work, and it's the whole basis behind the free market. maybe person a values a paperclip more than a pencil, and person b does the reverse. if they trade, they're both winners. this can go on and on, it's just a matter of finding people with the right relative values along the way. of course, in this case part of the value includes fame, which accelerates the process. thunderlizards? must people invent needless cutesy words for basic ideas? and the reason his audience's needs sdk explained: they're marketers, so they have little to no understanding of software development'. which, now that i think of it, explains the need to invent needless cutesy words for basic ideas. i'm not sure what exactly i was expecting, but it wasn't really all that interesting. plastic bins move around, workers put items in them, and they get packed and shipped. ditto. oh boy, another self-promoting blogger on social networking site. i agree. i find the ads available on newegg's front page more interesting. i like the combination of low price, cool stuff and online reviews. misleading title, this doesn't say anything about reducing memory. it is only explaining how firefox works. anyone got a link to the cartoons? great site find i think this article missed a key point -- in most of the countries that toyota operates factories, health care is provided by the government, not the company. hard to read in my opinion, being able to vote submissions down is important. for example, if an article makes strong points about a topic, so many people who agree with it vote it up, but you think that it is invalid or flawed in some way, overlooking facts for the sake of stating a particular viewpoint, you'd want to vote it down. essentially, it gives greater opportunity to the users of the site to put forward their views on an article, rather than having to either bookmark it as a mark of their approval, or to abstain without putting forward their negative vote. and, yeah, if something is overdone or uninteresting, it feels good to vote it down. all reddit does is to collate the opinions of the users; chances are that people who vote something down simply because they disagree with it will have their votes overridden by the majority if the article is worthwhile. a bit of healthy competition with the karma might be a good thing; sure, it's satisfying to see that others think that your submissions are worthwhile. but when it becomes so important to gain karma that you just post any old thing on the off-chance that it'll be voted positively, that just gets annoying. that's another reason for the negative votes. i'm not convinced that you feel that most of what you have posted is worthwhile, but i can't very well prove otherwise, so i'll just have to take you on your word and have faith in the fact that the system will take care of itself. if you're serious, maybe you should write your experiment up as a paper and submit it. i'll vote it up, i promise :) google kuhn structure scientific revolutions and start reading. the book's full of holes, but it's incredibly important for educated people to read anyway. i don't know why we do this, but i wouldn't say it's some sort of test. i completely agree that trust is one of the most important things in a relationship. however, i'd say that feeling comfortable enough to talk about my problems to a guy is a big sign of trust. i guess guys just communicate differently they're so mysterious he cautiously says ycombinator has flaws. um, so? what's the point and why do so many people rate this as significant? from a fellow smalltalker i feel your pain. keep fighting the good fight! we already do that in the western nations. what's the point? outsourcing? yet another addition to prediction of death of a random invention. theatre, newspaper and radio all are on the list. not even original, handwriting was on the list for awhile. seriously. what a vacuous article. it's about paul graham for god's sake just click on the up arrow!!! yes, it shows how the irrationality of agents in a free market can be used for personal gain. he gives constructive criticism of ycombinator, which is more than saying ycombinator has flaws. he lists what the flaws are. it's significant because reddit readers tend to be paul graham followers. a wonderful phone, i want it.i can't wait to have him. did you not read the last couple of lines? if you set this preference to another value, e.g. 25, 25 pages will be cached. you can set it to 0 to disable the feature, but your page load performance will suffer. so set it to 0 to reduce firefox memory usage. re no minor accidents when you are on a bike-- i won't argue against the statistical fact that motorcycling is much more dangerous than driving, but if you're wearing proper safety gear it is indeed possible to have a minor accident. i've demonstrated this a couple times :) the woman is a racer, and racers know about crashing. she was wearing full protective gear. from reading the forum thread it sounds like she hit her head and will have some bruises. not bad given the situation. too cool to be true ! sony ericsson gets better and better.nokia supremacy is goes down. i went it was a blast. reddit should employ an ignore option in between the up and down arrows on each post! um, it's called the hide button, weenie-boy that's fantastic!! thanks for those links! the phone looks nice, true, but why is it that every new music player has to be introduced as an ipod killer? hahaha i'm sure the phenomenon is the same on digg. but digg is established as a technology news website,where reddit is what's new online? reddit doesn't have an expectation from the creators as to what subject matter will be submitted. anybody writing a thesis in sociology??? what i like about writing is that it is an option for how i want to communicate. that's the biggest value i think handwriting has, that i can say i choose to write!'. gm and ford have miasmic management cultures. see: six-sigma. on second thought, don't. yep, paul graham and that kamikaze guy on the reddit front page. time to go to bed i guess. get some competitors isn't really constructive criticism. the only other suggestion is to invest different amounts of money. but the author ignores why yc invests that amount of money -- it's to give the programmers enough to live comfortably for three months while they build a prototype. ugh seems like an interesting topic, but i even couldn't get past the first paragraph due to the snobbish and pretentious writing style. had to mod this one down very good site sorry, no, it's not art, its vandalism. who's going to pull them all down and properly dispose of the batteries, etc? ugh. vote for asteroids on google spoken like a man holding onto his nurse. ;-) there is one big difference between these two: the mac os x interface smartly puts every application's menu bar on top of the screen. i have never liked this about macs. and number 3 isn't even a ui issue. where are the screenshots? -1 the event is designed to feature prominent members of society delivering several prepared addresses, and is part of a larger initiative to formally declare invalid the prevailing economic and political paradigms currently in place in the united states. it was a real anticlimax when he finally got to the criticism. it seemed like he was going to really show us the dirt when he started out with i don't think paul graham has malicious intent or is intrinsically evil'. kind of a disappointing critique', if you can call it that. jus click on the flickr link..at the end of the post.. they're not being irrational, they just value the enjoyment of being part of this experiment more than the difference in their valuations of the objects they're trading. you could argue that they're acting on incomplete information. if someone decides that participating wasn't worth it after all, their negative experience will become part of their information so they don't make the same mistake again. all in all, this is a really interesting economics experiment. the netherlands the simulations just cover a rupture from the salton sea to san bernardino. the tejon segment has a rupture average of 150 years and it's overdue as well. conceivably, one segment rupture could trigger the other segment rupture. kickass. i've tried to do this before and quickly failed, and before this has even scrolled off the new page i now have a perfectly running instance. thanks susteren. ohh but wouldn't it be cool! where do i go to change said preference? i couldn't find it in the article, nor can i find it in the firefox preferences. it's a shame we don't hear more moderate muslim voices in the mainstream media. pieces like this, if they got more airtime on tv and on radio, may do wonders towards fostering understanding in the western world about the causes of islamic extremism. it makes me so sad that our governments continually turn a blind eye to any of the root causes of terrorism, focussing only on ridiculous notions of them hating our freedom'. instead trusting that force of arms and perceived righteousness will carry the day and lead the world to peace. but what can we do when no one wants to listen? the article was a very interesting post. on the neural map of enlightenment, the author does a good job of explaining the synaptic drop with regard to the amygdala; but the part on the changes to the hippocampus was quite difficult to grasp even after a couple of readings. so how do i access browser.sessionhistory.maxtotalviewers to edit the value?? open up a blank window, then go to the address about:config. then scroll down until you find it. or just type maxto filter the list read between the lines. if you set browser.sessionhistory.maxtotalviewers to a small value like 2 or 3 you reduce ff's memory usage by half or more. read this comment: ben my man, that worked. ff went from hogging 250mb of my ram to a swift 54mb with the same tabs and page clicks. where were you 5 months ago ;)i disagree, i think a ui shouldn't put search prompts where they don't belong, so for me it is a ui issue. useless redundant and neverending i don't know about you, but the reason i rated it as significant was that if similar articles show up, i'd like to see them. though reddit's ui makes this woefully unclear, the purpose of the up and down arrows is not to say yay or bubut to train a filter. it's a shame the ui doesn't make this clearer, because this is a really significant difference between reddit and digg. at digg you do just say yayor boo,whereas at reddit you might mod up an article you disagreed with, if it was interesting in the sense that you'd like to see more like it. interesting new web-service that lets you authenticate users over the phone. you don't understand. our leaders are doing the same, they just don't go to the extremes. they need a common enemy too, to divert the public eye from their own failures inside their own countries. email is a wonderful thing for people whose role in life is to be on top of things. but not for me; my role is to be on the bottom of things. what i do takes long hours of studying and uninterruptible concentration.im-peach-ment! im-peach-ment! im-peach-ment! im-peach-ment! im-peach-ment! im-peach-ment! they've come a long way since their approx 30 square foot dungeon of a software store in my area. agreed; the article is almost unreadable. what i want to know is how to learn good handwriting! my handwriting is ugly, but i want very much for it to be pretty. i'm willing to invest some time into it, but i don't know how to learn. there is good music out there that is published by riaa companies, and i hear it while i'm out or listen to it on the radio from time to time. but i don't buy their cd's. with all that they've done, they've just made me not want to buy their cd's. i would like the ability to listen to the music i like whenever i want. and i think finding music i like has a luck or mood component involved, and i just haven't got into independent music much yet. right now i live in a place that doesn't have a very big music scene. but if i just keep the views i have now, i am sure that in the future i'll often stumble upon some independent music i like. i hope that a lot of others are in the same situation i am, and that more and more popular bands in the future will be non-riaa. and the only thing to make it so i no longer just don't want to buy riaa music would be for the riaa to start doing things ethically. that's why i think it's sad we don't hear more about this in the mainstream media. we can only have the wool pulled over our eyes if no one else is willing to let us see something other than wool. this is just plain out-and-out dumb. though that may only be my opinion, because i have rather good script. so, perhaps the furor over the cartoons is an attempt to discredit the danish government and their impartiality as head of the un security council? does that scale? i am a mysql user and was just curious he rambles a bit and makes some really good points. i think that makes it a pretty good article. having worked with gm and ford as a vendor and teacher of quality practices, and being a student of deming, i would have to say that your health care point is not a point at all, i believe it is simply a red herring. is there any info about how they take it down? is it just retracted? or are the balloon remotely popped? how is going to the shop, buying and installing ram easier than changing the value of one setting in your browser? i agree that reddit's ui needs to make this more clear. i think many people are voting up and down based on if they agree with the article or comments. i've rated a lot of stories based on what i like to see, and lately i've been disappointed, i notice that i am not enjoying reddit as much as i once did. i realize now that i look at hottopics, and probably should be looking only at recommended'. i'll see if that improves my experience on the site. compilation from 1985-1995, includes really funny ones like pond in car in office. all real events. good article.. provides many techniques to let people get back in their windows os after losing their admin password. you really want to make a moral equivalence to honour killings of girls, oppression of women, female genital mutilation, polygamy'??? you don't say who your leaders are that you speak of but i bet the worst of them don't condone such things. there are very few true leaders in power around the western world. a good deal of the reason for this is because of attitudes like yours that are self-hating and make excuses for intolerable acts by repeating the kindergarten mantra of he did something bad tooto deflect blame and support a stupid and pointless political argument. how can true leaders with real moral standards ever win support if the electorate consists of people with attitudes like yours? in that respect our societies have very similar problems as the muslims. if we all remain apathetic then we get this malaise and will continue to regress and devolve into an ignorant mob. time to demand higher standards. in all seriousness, if republicans want the second amendment to last out the decade, they need to cut cheney loose, pronto. i'd call it littering before i called it vandalism. it's not permanent damage. had to laugh: i'm actually handwriting this reply. my cursive is coming back because of this tablet pc i bought. handwriting dying: check article sucking: check o.k., i've run the experiment. recommended is much better for me than hottopics. recommended correctly suggested i might like a day old story that only had 1 karma point. i now realize a serious ui error on the recommended page. imho recommended should not display the karma points. recommended should display something else, perhaps a percentage from 1 to 99 that reddit believes i will like the story. reddit on the new and hot pages has taught me to not click on stories with low karma points. this is a hard habit to break on the recommended page where reddit is in fact selecting stories it thinks i will like, so i haven't been clicking on the low karma score stories. a simple fix to this page might also help train people on the remaining pages that the goal is to teach reddit what your like. i really like fit, i love the idea. it's all about validating things in plain language. it's quite nice. i guess it makes sense that the 2 concepts gelled nicely in my mind. never thought of fit like that. i'd like to see good articles posted comparing the two, but this was little more than a comparison chart, which i don't see as very useful. lots of netflix users are unhappy the robot climbed to 1500 feet. the cable went a mile high. i think it gives a fairly good general overview of the two servers. i agree though, a more in-depth look would be better. zdnet? unix? rofl. i didn't say they do all those things. i said they use the same method to divert the public eye from the problems in their own countries even if those problems are totally different. i don't think our western leaders are as moral as you think they are. most of them are orders of magnitudes better than people allowing the things you mentioned but they are far from the ideal moral leaders and as long as people don't see that the true leaders with real moral standards you mention won't be elected since people won't see a difference between our current major party candidates and the ones from smaller parties that still have some ideals left. handwriting will never die because people will never stop needing quickly drawn up shopping lists. newsflash! the msm sucks. i read about the security council presidency on the blogs over a week ago. surely they retracted it. a mile of falling cable sounds pretty dangerous. and you just prove my point by attacking an argument that neither i nor anyone else made supporting our leaders rather than addressing the point of the message. and i thought i had an original suggestion! so, how to convince the reddit folks that they should fix this? i'd be happy to charge a large gui consulting fee so everyone could feel better that the advice is important and needs to be implemented. :-) why is it that whenever anyone in the west criticizes their own government, that person is labelled as self-hating and accused of making excuses for foreign extremism? i think the point is, is that there isn't a balanced view of the issue. not taking a balanced look at what may be the root causes of islamic extremism will solve no problems. making pretty speeches about evil-doers and barbarians burning embassies may win public support, but it encourages no lasting, constructive solutions to the problem. so there's this image of the insane, evil islamic enemy created by western leaders and perpetuated by irresponsible media coverage, either for uniting the country or for ratings, that contributes to this unbalanced view of islamic extremists. in no way am i condoning or supporting the actions of terrorists or whack job fundamentalists. i find their methods brutal, abhorrent, and it makes me sick the way they brainwash their own people into blowing themselves up or hating non-muslims. but i think that to ultimately defeat them, we need to understand why the average muslim person can be driven to believe in such madness; at least beyond the point of thinking they hate our freedom'. the gatekeeping complaint is about opinions, not totally crazy memes like postsecret. and huffington post is a gimme because it has an all-star cast from the old media'. what z-listers are complaining about are blogs like instapundit, boing boing, and dave winer's most recent boring and pointlessblog, all of which are popular simply because they're popular. and the a-list popularity doesn't seem to spread around very well in the gigantic blogosphere. that is very cool! however, i have a tivo series 1. is there anything i can do to upgrade it to enable this feature? i would probably need to add an ethernet connection right? decent read but i was ambivalent to start with and the massive ads plastered all over the top clinched the vote. just saying that you may wish to move some of those ads around a bit to deeper into the article. you know what? political argument aside, this article sucks! i can't believe the ap allowed this feed. there are two spelling mistakes and three grammar errors, aside from a pitifully slanted tone. boo hiss. i mostly agree with you. only disagreement is that i don't think that was joel ranting, just someone participating in the discussions on his site. but yeah, for now, you need to get the book. it's really not that long. the first 200 pages or so are for a very good walkthrough, the rest i've only used as a reference so far. oh my bad, you are right it was not joel. but at least the rant spurred some discussion. i guess they want the recommendation algorithm to be fine tuned better before they do that.. maybe. this is like that danny devito movie where a company continuously gains market share of a continuously decreasing market, until they have 100 of a market that sells nothing. the executives are trying to stuff the genie back into the bottle, and they are committing professional suicide. kind of weird. makes me wonder, who would think up something like this? but after watching the whole thing, i have to say that it is absolutely awesome.it made me feel like i could see the music. very, very cool. you might try teach yourself better handwriting. i got the book, but i'm too lazy to actually use it, so i can't say whether it would really help, but the exercises they recommend make a lot of sense to me. cheney takes the full brunt of his shooting. i like it. at least he can admit to something. it seems like the only inexpensive suppliers of leds are in china. shipping dramatically increases the cost. does anyone know of any cheap domestic suppliers? mod parent 1 funny cool this is neat that's hilarious. well hopefully that tempers the hype for some. nothing and no one is perfect. social bookmarking they had a chimp climb the rope with a pin to pop them. heard it on monkey news'. hehehe all the fans are really hammering the forum now. how did 7 people mod this to the front page while it was on the front page? yes, i think this is the first time i've ever seen a dupe on reddit. don't turn into the dupefest that is digg and slashdot! i fear that perhaps reddit is outgrowing the small site it used to be. that's why i said they should check if it's been submitted sans-question mark. for those cases where a question marked url has already been submitted, there's no fix. well, besides the one everyone on this comments page likes. uhhh.sex sells what were the grammar errors? it can be a real headache planning a holiday to a destination you know absolutely nothing about what i found odd was how so many commenters thought it was a good thing there was no colbert report. i'd think that the guy giving them their money telling them so would rate pretty highly on the important scale better. at least someone is considering longtime pleasure over short term happiness. the title explains it all. you also get to play for free during a trial period, which is quite lengthy. the card deck design is wild actually, you can. who claimed there was moral equivalence here? clearly no western leader condones honour killings or any equivalent. all he said was that the hate them, not ustrick is being used by the american government as well. notice that the administration is now talking about another 10 years of war', and drawing analogies to the cold war. they kept up the cold war until russia said we don't want to play any more'. i wonder if the islamic world will reach the same point one day and whether america will stop if they do. so if i mark this down, does that mean reddit things i don't like it? cause i do like the story, just not the dupe. maybe we need a dupe button in between the arrows - to try and get dupes off the front page as fast as possible. he was being ironic. michael deoz , , . analyze this! 2006 - year of the straw man argument. ror fans have been the worst. lispers havent been so bad this was featured in an episode of csi. still i prefer to shield myself behind other reddit users. they act as my filter on the world. my prefs are set to hide any post that hasn't reached at least 10 points. i know, i know. i risk missing something that only i would like. and if all reddit users did the same as me then my scheme would collapse. so far it's working well though. my thanks to all who protect me from the boring, outdated and poorly written submissions. and who delivered this cool chimera story. i prefer sqlite. easier to use yet still powerful. i wonder what conditions are like for the coalition soldiers who have been captured? has anyone seen an article about what it's like in an insurgent, al qaeda, or taliban pow camp? not many get captured is the truth. those that do get videotaped and a ransom requested. often they get decapitated. most that are captured by insurgents are in fact civilians. the coalition soldiers know better than to be located where they have a chance of being captured. sniped at sure, suicide bombed, yes, but not captured. you call tha disturbing? maybe you should see what gets put up on some of the iraqi sites some of which makes it onto ogrish.com but it doesn't scale with concurrent access. for smaller projects it is an easy and cool option, though. i laughed and; laughed and; laughed v amusing. keep up the good work. you're absolutely right, i was actually making a snarky comment about how the prisoners at abu ghraib are treated far better than captured civilians or coalition forces. can anyone imagine a captured westerner being given a bible, a lawyer, and due process by those people? what is this doing with 7 points on reddit? terrifying. i can only think that this is some republican ploy to paint anyone attacking bush as a delusional racist. blech. i feel like most of his points are unwarranted and could have been resolved had the author done more research. the users of reddit love heroes and fallen angels'. i admit it is kind of refreshing to hear some criticisms of the much-hyped ruby on rails. it's too bad that stories about petrodollar and the iob always gets modded down here on reddit. can someone who press the down arrow please explain why? there are very few true leaders in power around the western world. a good deal of the reason for this is because of attitudes like yours that are self-hating and make excuses for intolerable acts by repeating the kindergarten mantra of he did something bad tooto deflect blame and support a stupid and pointless political argument. i agree that there aren't many leaders, but i think the reason is more to do with the fact that we have the presence of mind to not need being lead. we can choose our own path. the core belief of locke's original liberalism was that we are not ruled by government -we delegate responsibilities to government. so it seems the riaa wants to limit people's ability to listen to legal cd's. wait a minute yet another reason not to buy cd's. either a hysterically subtle piece of satire i'm seriously not getting, or a blathering paranoid conspiracy-theorist with only an unsupported allegation and a badly-photoshopped picture of bush for evidence. file under david icke and avoid like the plague. having to restart the web server because you changed a bit of html is annoying you don't. i don't know what issue the poster in that link was having, but it is not rails normal behaviour. in development mode, rails reloads all your application code on each request. you should only need to restart the web server if you change the database connection configuration. the templates also run live in production mode, so you can change them without a restart there too should you want to. yes, this is one of the things that bugs me about reddit at the moment. we need a spam button and a dupe button for each story, as well as the usual up and down arrows. 1, funny. i can find two: a missing comma in p6 and an extra one in p12. the rest of the errors are probably acceptable since the article uses a conversational tone. at any rate, the point stands--why is an unedited article from an anti-cheney author being published? the very valid argument would serve its purpose better if it didn't look like a rant. at first i didn't catch that it was connected, but then it just clicked and was amazing, especially toward the end. article on authenticating users over the telephone. not much there, but it has potential. spread the word. coffee tycoon is a really boring tycoon game that sucks. denmark is about to assume the presidency of the un security council i've heard this before but didn't see why it's significant. does any nation really have much power in the un besides the veto nations? i know this is simplistic, but i just have a vision of the president nation taking roll call and taking care of administrative duties while the veto nations sit in the corner and negotiate the important issues they're not being irrational, they just value the enjoyment of being part of this experiment more than the difference in their valuations of the objects they're trading. you're describing irrationality. you could argue that they're acting on incomplete information. if someone decides that participating wasn't worth it after all, their negative experience will become part of their information so they don't make the same mistake again. all in all, this is a really interesting economics experiment. again, you are describing an irrational agent and trying to explain it by asymmetric information. duped first time i agree with fnord since he was talking so much about databases, i bet he was complaining about having to restart the webserver whenever he messed with the database, which, if he was dealing a lot with databases, would be reasonably annoying. the mixed system was successful for your aunt. comparing anecdote to anecdote, the person in the linked article died because of private health care bureaucracy. hence, i suggested this was a demonstration of success in the nhs. i mean, do you even read your own posts? if you want to move away from anecdotes and use statistics and so on, then feel free. broken link. if, by ..don't want to play any more', you mean, the government collapsed; then, yes, i agree part 2 of a detailed write-up on how to implement a cool auto-hiding, transparent dock with js and css. this part describes how the actual animation works. although the spelling is atrocious. fantastic! so that makes our behavior right? nice logic there, key lime. has anyone noticed that this article is over 6 years old? glenn doman has been actually doing this and selling books about it for years. i don't want to look like his shill, so look him up yourself. :) the author rants a bit toward the end, but overall an informative blog entry. i think i understand your points. not detracting from your critique on the writer's lucidity -- which i support -- i don't see why i should concern myself with new stuff only. is this your point? that i should only submit new developments on any subjects? the revised version actually indicates that cheney had drinks. quit looking for conspiracies. i'm not sure if i would compare it to classical music -- but i do share a similar feeling. so many languages seem to be lost, reinventing the wheel. it's just not funny anymore. hilarious! how do they keep it from twisting? i have a hard time keeping my headphone lines untangled; i wish i knew their secret. will the balloons go into orbit eventually? how does the anchor move across the ocean? what if it drags across a city or a mountain range and gets stuck? this is so confusing; i don't understand it. visual search engine there is a keyword missing in the title, some. newly forming solar system has some planets running backwards. 1 even a hater knows what's right, people. i just joined after years of resisting because i hate joining things. yeah, like what an idiot the submitter is, i'm modding it down now, thanks for drawing attention to it dude. software sells hardware isn't new to apple. nobody would buy an expensive mac without mac os. so a new hire behaves like any human would and the lawyers have no better arguments than she spelt blah wrong'? reject anarchy'? what? sleep is the only thing that stands between me and world domination. can't wait to get my hands on this pill! you should probably educate yourself a bit more on this matter. collusion in online poker might be harder to pull off than you think. the sites know who you play with, and every hand you play, and how you play it. they automatically flag any suspicious teaming up or strange play of hands. i have friends who've had their accounts frozen for a couple days while the site investigated possible collusion. and even if there's rampant cheating, the absolutely terrible play is even more rampant. it is a fact that it is incredibly easy to make a good deal of money at online poker by simply playing well. if a few people are cheating you, it's hard to tell since there are a thousand others that are essentially donating you their money. the headline makes it sound like cheney has superpowers. if only it had an exclamation point at the end :) reminds me of a star trek episode where the alien character appeared dressed as a soldier from our future. the combat uniform included a small pouch on the chest full of cocaine or something like cocaine. a straw was attached for easy snorting. i found the concept chilling as fiction and even more so now as it approaches reality. us says un must stop stealing money and raping children. very funny however, amidst all the ridiculous analogies i thought the following one was actually quite good: her date was pleasant enough, but she knew that if her life was a movie this guy would be buried in the credits as something like second tall man.for mormons, the lack of discernible hebrew blood in native americans is no minor collision between faith and science. here's an explanation, for any mormons who may still be confused about this perplexing issue: you know when joseph smith looked into a hat containing a rock that he said was magic? and in that hat, he said that he saw an angel, and the book of mormon? and he recited the book that he saw to a scribe, who copied it down? the rock wasn't magic. he didn't see an angel. he didn't see a book. next question? clash of civilizations implies civilizations at both ends. can you call a cult of death - islam - with barbarism, savagery, forced conversions, honor killings, and the worst social indexes in all time, etc a civilization'??? listen to the air traffic control while tracking your flight. the internet and political blogging have evolved from matchlock to wheel lock to flintlock to cap lock to breech-loader to semi-auto in a few very short years. formations from squad to army size have coalesced. but it still all comes down to putting a hole in the other guy, one hole at a time, every shooter taking his own aim.wow, if those paltry complaints are the best he can come up with, rails is in great shape! half of them don't even apply to 1.0. a great movie about how ridiculous java is. are you saying the un hasn't stolen money, and peacekeepers haven't sexually abused children? what's unreal or false about that? i would agree with you on the sexual abuse not being institutional, just not uncommon and especially egregious. i would argue that theft was de facto institutional for the 90s. i also categorically oppose torture, but i suspect our definitions of torture differ. i'm still waiting for tivo to interface with the itunes music store. maybe apple really will buy tivo. :) hah, more mud in the mormons faces being an ex of a mormon, i can tell you that many of their numbers will do as the article mentions and disregard dns evidence as distracting from their faith, which of course, like most others, tells them they and they all are god's chosen people. too funny. wait, you mean everyone didn't know this already? :) an alternate method is to fold the 2 corners of one short side together, then do the same with the other side. the put the two together. the beauty of this method is that you can do it with one person and don't need a table, because the square will be short enough to straighten the edges in the air. yet another article on distributed computing is hard'. is it really so hard? where's the anodized aluminum option? definitely better than cast iron for many cooking tasks. hopefully an educated response to a slander piece won't get modded out of existence simply for mentioning that reddit is based on popularity. pshaw, the doctrinaire left is in disarray since the fall of communism. the ideologues are on the right. wolfie, feith and most of the current gang started out as trotskyists. the old left became the new right. what's keeping you from trying out aop? um, perhaps that i don't code in java? think so? this is the sort of thing that turns a sect into a cult. evolution and abortion. then carbon dating, geology, dna testing, cell biology, new drugs these guys will be back to a flat earth if they keep it up. yes it has a lot of potential, just need contributions. if only there were a burning bush, resurrection or virgin birth. you know: something which made sense! i'd say this is an easter egg of the reddit site. :) mmmm. seasoning- old cooking grease that was not completely washed off. yum. i was hoping for an essay about the possible future directions and challenges facing the world economic and monetary system. instead i got a piece of whimsical fluff with mostly banal ideas such as, instead of price tags, we could have radio frequency identification tags that calculate price as you touch the item.disappointed. i always suspected as much. so what's the new dna-compatible interpretation the church is subtly substituting for doctrine? is this the same steve martin who used to be a comedian? i recall a guy who was really quite funny and inventive, but he seems to have gone underground or something. the cheney shooting has become the all your base of pundits. nothing of the sort is implied by the article text. it's not just that, the compound remains in the produced teflon. i've heard of studies that have found negative health effects in people who spend a lot of time cooking over teflon pans. cast iron can't be used with my solid-surface range. i should have gone gas buts it's so darn easy to clean. could you cite examples of pg using straw man arguments? there are worse things in the world than bullshit. most of the bullshit in the world is harmless stuff that we enjoy as movies or literature. bullshit is bad when it's taught as the unalterable truth, be it mormonism, catholicism, islam, objectivism, or communism. our body need sleep to function. your joints need time to heal for daily wear. your brain need time to map experience into memory. this drug would be great for fighter pilots or other works that need long hours of work. but i would not use it for long term. i deal with my family with kindness and love. they aren't afraid when i come back from an execution. sometimes they help me clean my sword. rock on saudi arabia. my guess would be that the elevator would connect to something that's in a geosynchronous orbit - that is, it doesn't really move in relation to the ground, so the anchor would just stay in one spot. there are other good cs book reviews on the website, by the same author. a greek hiker found a 6,500-year-old gold pendant in a field and handed it over to authorities, an archaeologist said thursday. it seems figure 2 is broken for a reason; the image inside the word document it points to incorrectly shows that the only shuffles possible are 213, 231, and 312. this is absolutely disgusting. if he thinks he's doing god's work, the man is simply psychotic. the only difference between him and the men who have beheaded daniel pearl, for example, is that this nutjob has the official backing of the saudi royals. aside from that, they are exactly the same, all of them convinced they are doing god's work. looks like opera diehards are lining against standardization of feed icon. truth in art. but it is kinda funny any links to those studies? deleting in protest of reddit's new anti-user admin policies. wouldn't playing classical music be more effective? creepy and fascinating at the same time. first, genetic markers are usually compared to a population via frequency, i.e. a given set of markers will have a particular distribution for a given population. however a small draw from that population will most likely not be very representative. hence the distribution of markers in a population that arose from a small sample of the large distribution will not closely mimic that of the large population from which it was drawn. second, if large scale massive migration occurred from northern asia, the more massive and the later that migration occured the more likely the population would have a similar distribution of markers to that of the parent population that we see in northern asia today. what the current genetic research indicates is that there was migration from northern asia; this does not preclude small group migration from the middle east, or anywhere else, previous to the asian migration. i am not really a comic kind of person, but i am interested in the potential here. perhaps it was the art from different artists that was added to the book, or just a desire to get more for the story. what kind of nutcase country would rename a food out of spite for the eponymous country? oh wait.. the fact that a solar system can have planets running in opposite directions is a shocker. why am i not shocked? what i'm worried is that scientists will continue doing these sort of naughty religious tests. one of these days they might find an inconsistency in islam, and then that'll be the end of it. i laughed at that. :) i'm not sure if that is good or bad mayhaps the beginnings of a non-lethal lightsaber? that's funny, but i think it's an overstatement. the article advises scrubbing cast iron with sea salt and rinsing. in order to season cast iron, you're supposed to brush olive oil on the surface and bake it in the oven. or, you can just keep using it. for best results, avoid scrubbing with soap and harsh abrasives. i wouldn't want to get anodized aluminum really hot the kind of high heat cast iron handles well. why? it's a gag site. it's a big joke. lighten up. if you'll take a breath through your nose instead of your mouth, bother to read what i wrote, and try to think before you put your paws on the keyboard you'll see i said no such thing. i was commenting about how journalists are quick to jump on wrongdoings by our side yet reluctant to show what the other side is doing. wha? is there someone left that doesn't realize this is a joke? salt lolz i'm hoping that this is a sort of meta-joke by the creator of the petition. otherwise, the degree of idiocy involved in its creation is unfathomable. dirty stuff! we should stop it. how so? is it not true that all american companies are hurt by the fact that part of their profits must be spent on health care for their workers, and this is only made worse for car companies because they are competing with foreign companies that can bring their unit costs down because they don't have this expense. much like any american company must deal with if they are competing with a foreign company? well if you actually read the article you'd see that it says the same things. so far these pills just make the patient feel better and be more alert. but if you've ever taken a stimulant for several months that clouds your thought you'd know that there's a lot more to being to being awake than just being conscious. oracle owned innodb a while back, now the own bdb, and they were trying but failed to own mysql,ag. they been looking at diversity and didn't like it. so, they are buying it all up. aop is possible in other languages too e.g. python. my guess is that it's just the java guys touting it so much because it helps solve java's verbosity to a certain extent. cell phones are computers. all have devkits, many free like nokia's python one. if this had come out of a us paper, and had a judgemental tone about it, i might be inclined to agree with you. but this was published in an arab paper, in the kingdom section. it reads more like a human interest story than a condemnation. you know, like here's some stuff about the guy who made the biggest ball of twine in wherever.most of the signers claim to be romanian. i suspect they're a bit behind the internet meme curve. i further propose an end to all sarcastic humor! of course it is, but it's a well done joke. i bear no affiliation with the respective site, i merely wanted to see the speed of reaction from reddit users. and i'm impressed by the speed of the responses :) personally i like all the kitty pictures :d ..not the bonsai ones of course.. also i'm personally un-voting my submission :) i was going to ask the same thing. i love mine. they aren't as nonstick as teflon but better than steel. i have an iron skillet too for super hot things like steaks, but the aluminum is great for sauces. how poisonous is it? please warn about .wmv isn't bad for a free tool. looks like a much better method than dealing with the ibackup software and paying 100 every year. paramount bought the distribution rights to this environmental documentary. al gore, tired of man's reckless destruction of the earth, becomes leading man to save it. read the wikipedia article. there are documented cases of prisoners being maimed and then having to wait to be finished off. i'm calling bs. most of the sources listed are communist propaganda, and those few which aren't don't substantiate any of his claims. target audience is software startup founders in the early stage of the business and deciding between writing a business plan, and writing code. it doesnt matter to me: two, four, 10  as long as im doing gods will, it doesnt matter how many people i execute, he told okaz newspaper in an interview. normal life? this is deranged. actually, reddit does not need to crawl the content to infer these relationships. it just needs to find other users with similar patterns as you and see what they are liking or not. no. i think i was meaning thinking bigotry on that line. i am not sure how my mind shifted frames from one line to the other, but it did. actually no lisp fans have made any straw man arguments that i can recall. they are generally smart enough not to. so, who did write the book of mormon, then? ok that's enough. i am out of here. reddit was fun while it lasted, but no more. you're showing your age. only people under 20 think that 6 years ago is old! what's really scary is that he only sharpens the sword every now and again how does he decide it's time? when the head doesn't come off with the first blow? or heaven forbid, the second? that said, i think decapitation is more humane than the electric chair or hanging. joseph smith. the model gives a woman two choices: marry, or become a prostitute if you're an unmarried woman, you're a prostitute. period;-) hey, that's nothing. inflation in zimbabwe is now 600. so robert mugabe effectively halves his own salary at the very least every 2 months. now that's noble! come on, mod this up, it has to be shared poor naive people unwittingly becoming part of a larger joke. classic if you ask me! if you are mulling over the value of blogging, the inspiring comments from these talented blogging illustrators just may push you over to the blogging side.     ,       what a great idea 1 million if you wanted to lead a comfortable life in india. hypothesis: gigolos and princesses aren't so suspicious and conspicuous like pizza face during and after their mischievous deeds and are therefore less likely to catch. they don't need any additional power cables as the led's is powered by the running water why do people care so much about the mormon bedrock of faith being jolted? does it surprise anyone that dna tests contradict mormon scripture? is this news to anyone? get this garbage off of reddit. for every epsilon greater than zero, there exists a website. that has to be the dumbest tag line i've ever heard. what a bunch of retards. as if we didn't know already except that batteries are a serious source of pollution. which makes it much worse than littering, as in emptying your car ashtray through the window. to a restaurant cook, stoves have only two settings: off and high. and teflon burns too easily on high this is madness. you can't cook an omelette on high. you can't make a white sauce on high. in reality there is only a small fraction of dishes that require teflon-burning temperatures, and a large fraction that require the converse. unbelievable. this is totally bogus. we can simulate happiness with prozac, and now they talk of simulating sleep. how about something that simulates me being awake when i am in fact asleep? let's bring the madness full-circle, let's contort ourselves into total mosaics of reality oh wait. try it and feel the difference i'll decide whether to mod this one up or down tomorrow utorrent has been the easiest torrent client i've ever used. it has reached killer app status for me. i like the idea of distributing video content through putting it on your ipod at the local blockbuster's. certainly solves the problem of day-long downloads for decent-quality movies. since apple controls the ipod's internals, there shouldn't be any drm problems. however, the whole deal sound very speculative to me. if the blockbuster management is so clueless, why should they even talk to steve jobs? i must have slept with some career criminals then. this makes about as much sense as dismissing the report because everything is made of protons, neutrons, and electrons. if you read the ewg.ord link above, you'll see that actual, dangerous compounds are released at higher heats. for me, the main issue is what dose occurs at which temperature. it is not the function of american troops to prevent bribes. troops exist to kill an enemy, not to investigate shady financial deals like the oil for food corruption. the moral standing of the person making the statement is highly relevant. the un has no moral standing, not to anyone familiar with it. what do you think a botched beheading is like, then? just some lizard-chasing fruitcake with a book to sell - and not an entertaining fruitcake either. you make a very good point, but you've left out the alternative of the two possible outcomes of such an assertion. i can hardly believe someone can be that stupid. computers can do algebra for you? sure, there are some symbolic calculators around, but half of algebra is thinking in the right mode and understanding variables and how to set up equations. as for computers not writing thank you notes, or reasoning, that's news to me. i often get automated thank you notes when i do some payment online, and my computer does a fairly good job of statistical reasoning when it filters my spam. i think the article's author doesn't really know what reasoning is, though. perhaps i can't define it well, but i know that knowing where a desert lies isn't it. also, it seems incredible that people could graduate from highschool without knowing algebra. come on! in many countries you can't graduate without knowing calculus, which is in my opinion a sensible policy. if they could find an inconsistency in islam they would have done so already, it would make too many people happy. what you will find in the quran is the precise value of the speed of light. any educated person will tell you that great scientific progress was made in medecine, mathematics, astronomy, etc. by arabs after the emergence of islam. this was all before the lunatics started grabbing the headlines. hypothesis: the good-looking get probation before judgment from judges do better with juries. the one time i was held up i was more focused on the revolver pointed at my forehead, but as i recall the kid holding it was at least no worse looking than average. now if they were irish, it might be a different question ok so mormonism a fantasy. judging the etiquette of discussion here however it does seem their beliefs gave them some social skills? every description of seasoning that i've ever seen says to make sure you don't scrub the pan to bare cast iron. and your description agrees with this. i'm a little surprised that people who are worried about teflon manufacturing fumes are unconcerned about cooking on old, dirty cooking detritus that has been repeatedly heated to high temperatures. when washing these seasoned cast iron pans, black stuff just keeps coming off. it's disgusting. but maybe it's better to eat that than teflon manufacturing compounds. whoosh! way over your head, i'm afraid. this was posted here just the other day. posted two days ago; a search for garfield before posting would have turned it up. you need a mathematical model to state the obvious? digg only uses a news promotional system, on reddit you can demote as well. it's just common sense that bad stories fall off frontpage faster on reddit. karl rove wanted bush to meet a famous person with a similar view on global warming. he set up a meeting between the president and michael crichton. so apparently you can make this stuff up, unless you think everyone bush meets with is an expert advisor. personally, i think exposing the president to as many science-degree-holding americans as possible can only help. this is a stupid article with a misleading headline on reddit, and doesn't say that crichton was bush's global warming advisor'--just that bush read one of crichton's books. so bush took a meeting with michael crichton and that means now crichton is advising him. breathtaking news analysis! genetics. rich clever men attract beautiful women and produce clever, beautiful kids who grow up to be rich. no need for crime. a little simplistic and i'm sure some might say sexist, but i think it might hold some water. joseph smith? the illiterate, ignorant farm boy who had a third-grade education? who wrote the book in its entirety from april to june of 1829 and then scraped the funds together to get it printed in march of 1830? that's crazy talk; just as crazy as magical hats, seer stones and angels. next up: chicago cubs take the 06 world series. reflections on the craft of programming and related psychological issues have you ever heard of epsilon-delta proofs of limits? if not, then the tagline will not make sense to you. i thought it was pretty cool. i'd rather see a graphical representation of the state machine. the tree representation is a nice crude start though. oh, sorry about that. shall i remove this? it's just that i'm providing the original link instead of that something awful forum, which links to it. or how to use your time more efficiently. maybe the problem is not with the curriculum but with the teachers. i think the biggest problem with science teaching is that it mostly is done by people who just teach from a textbook avoiding any passion for explaining things. plus, it is also unfair to the teachers if they are underpaid and have a class with too many students to deal with. they tend to go for the middle of the group and the outliers get dumped. maybe that the guy who wrote the article never understood what it is good for. old, dirty cooking detritus might give you food poisoning, but likely won't kill your pets. teflon fumes are poisonous to birds. every single one of the before pictures has a lab coat. whacky. i'm unsure about the demoting on reddit. i've actually had a couple of times where a link i submitted quickly got a -1 or -2, and thus were never seen. later almost the same link ended up with a large positive score. i think if the first reader or two blasts you, you're gone, which i think is a little too arbitrary. awesome what this kid is doing the precise value of the speed of light? bullshit. judging from the photos it would appear that the machine was being transported on the rear of a flatbed trailer and the arm of the machine became free and lifted somehow before striking the bridge. i hate it when that happens. has secured 4 million in series a funding led by index ventures. break out the tinfoil hats the quality of the pictures is abnormally good. seems like a coincidence to have an entire class full of artists. shh. david allen might have a fit. sure, education might not be working too well, but from there to saying that people shouldn't learn algebra there's about a megaparsec. i'm not sure how much i'd give credence to that teachers are underpaid thing. it varies a lot from country to country, but in many countries teachers are very well paid comparatively, have great holidays, and incredible job security. also there's some tentative evidence that payment of teacher doesn't correlate with quality of education, but social prestige of teachers correlates more. i wonder if attractive people are more likely to break traffic laws because they will have an easier time convincing the officer to let them go. even though he had very little formal education, joseph smith wasn't illiterate or ignorant. his lack of education is overplayed by most people. the book of mormon is a surprising piece of work for some hick from upstate new york, but that doesn't mean that the book of mormon is true. as a happy steel wok user i'm already receptive to the idea of using cast iron skillets, but what do folks prefer for saucepans? when does v start showing on theaters? okay, i tried this back in 96. why didn't it bring in the cash for me . . . there must be more to it than just a randomizer, how did he get the word out, or is in with wired. i think it was probably point forwards like a ladder on a firetruck and it was to tall so when the front part hit the bridge it smashed through the side. then it extended upwards as the bottom was dragged under the bridge. the fun little shell commands at the end are funny if you've never seen them before, and a funny reminder for those who have. too shallow an investigation. needs more maths! i get the impression from these pictures that the kids knew what kind of before-and-after stereotype busting pictures were expected of them. the diff is too uniform. there is a mad reddit rush hour- posting then is guaranteed to sink your post either through vote-downs or by too many posts pushing the post down. there seems to be some bot like entity that goes around voting down posts every now and then and the reddit guys do nothing about it. lots and lots of good stories get lost during the reddit rush hour. this is completely priceless. oh the irony. you drive your truck on federal property, you have to obey federal law. i think we all agree on that, no? did you read the article? he didn't violate any federal law. on the other hand, if this was really the beginning of a fascist state, as the guy with the truck asserts, i don't think we'd ever have heard from him at all. this is probably not up to the level of the big code generators out there, but they tend to cost money, and this one is free. it's also entirely built on templates, so if you want to change the code it generates, just change the template. i am using it successfully right now and it has saved me tonnes of time as a php developer. frankly i think it is awesome. not to mention i had to submit a progress report on my project and i was able to submit what looks like a week's worth of coding that was built in about 5 seconds, lol. i just hope the dude who wrote it doesn't mind getting a little attention via reddit. this is dumb. odysseus isn't a monster of a man, and looks every bit a leader. he's small and weaselly-looking. they brought him along for his brains and devious plotting, as anyone would know who has actually read the books. incidentally, is it just me, or did the tape recorded conversation make the officer look better than him? it read like the guy couldn't get a word in edgewise without being accused of harassment. i don't know why but it wreaks of b.s. esp when i reached the michael moore renouncing. dude, i think you missed the point. even if it is a law, wouldn't this law be in violation of the constitution? if it would not, couldn't the state just declare everyone an employee of the state and suppress any speech they want? i am the guy that wrote the article. 1) i was trying to be fair and balanced 2) i have the most experience with postgres 7.1, so that is what i compared it to 3)live a little, it was just an article. have a nice day justin i'm guessing the pdf with the flag of denmark will generate a lot of traffic:) might be  yet another task at which java fails spectacularly. that may be a bit of an exaggeration. however, gold prices have gone up significantly in the past 18 months. uhhhh no. i don't think he was stupid. i just think he would have been unable to author the book. for instance, you sound and write intelligently, but i don't think you could write something comparable to the book of mormon in three months, or over any length of time for that matter. but, that doesn't mean you're stupid. critics of joseph smith say he's indolent, stupid, immoral, and most fundamentally, a fraud. however, by arguing that he didn't receive divine help in translating the book, they are left trying to explain how it came about, and how it could affect millions of people around the world, even decades after his death. i am wondering the same thing. the article is interesting, but enough with the inflammatory headlines. nowhere does the article say that the judge declared the us uncivilized'. this is what the article actually said: the judge's decision came after a day-long hearing during which he commented that america's idea of what constituted torture is not the same as ours and doesn't appear to coincide with that of most civilised countries'. the judge's remarks are a sharp criticism of the us treatment of inmates but stop well short of condemning an entire nation as uncivilised'. dandare71, you should be more honest than this. still cannot understand if its for or against technology owned. remember the portrait of dorian gray by oscar wilde? maybe there is some truth in it. perhaps so! what did i miss? java, like python, ruby and all other interpreted languages, has the added cost of starting up the interpreter. the jvm is a very slow starter, but after that, there's not much difference with c or c or c =2. always wonder what girls really think of online dating? this blogger typed out the top pet peeves of online dating and how to not be treated. great resource for anyone who wants to improve their online dating skillz. uh, that it is satire. i'd say the drawing skills are pretty normal for grade 7. some of them look like kindergarten, some are above average. meh. this guy needs to cook with the stuff more. restaurants cook on high. doesn't mean i have to. it's easy to scratch this is why you use a plastic, heat-resistant spatula. teflon doesn't sear food well it does it well enough for me. stir-fry works better than a single breast of chicken, though. and, of course, if you want it to look pretty, you don't serve it directly from the pan. it isn't even non-stick it's a lot more non-stick then a cast-iron fry-pan. even when it gets all scratched up, it still fairly non-stick. don't get me wrong, teflon is not the end-all in kitchen ware, but i've cooked both ways and i don't think it's quite as bad as this guy makes out. i can't say i fully agree with this fella. sure i check reddit too often in a day, but that doesn't mean i'm wasting my time. by spending 10 minutes more each weekday, i am not giving up any vacation time. maybe your job works differently than mine, but that trade-off doesn't exist for me. actually, i figured it was solicitation, so i found the original study and read it. it turns out that the one type of crime pretty girls and ugly girls both commit is robbery -- i guess pretty girls have to shoplift too! america is supposed to be the world's greatest democracy. more and more though, it seems like it's becoming an autocracy. whatever happened to freedom of speech. the regulation i read said you can't post signs or flyers on gsa-controlled property'. whether that means on actual gsa property or on any property that then appears on gsa property is certainly up for debate. but that's the rub: at most it's a meddling dispute about the language of the regulation, and not some oppressive stifling of free speech. like the whole thing with cindy sheehan at the state of the union address, and how nobody made mention of the pro-bush supporter who was asked to leave for the same reasons, this strikes me as classic bureaucratic ineptitude being twisted into some conspiratorial stifling of political dissent. it reminds me how, in my heady days of rebellious youth, i tried to turn the skateboarding ban in my town into a civil rights issue. too true. also the p2p networks sometimes provide unexpected treasure'. one can look for word documents or .xls etc. and find things people have unwittingly shared. bingo mr california, you figured it out. does anyone else find this pretty creepy? are only teenagers affected, or younger kids as well? it brings up all sorts of questions about who is entitled to dictate the use of public space. i certainly wouldn't support a shop owner who was doing this. it seems pretty harmful to a community when individuals can use such invasive and undiscriminating ways of managing social space. it seems like it's socially acceptable because of the relative powerlessness of teenagers and stereotypes about them. if it was your kid, and you wanted to take them out shopping, would you feel any differently about a place using this thing? i for one, am sick of learning. being a ee major, i already have large amount of workload. the last thing i want is to learn more shell script. the regex coach makes regular expression writing non-painful. that says it all, really. newsmastering manifesto i was making an obscure joke referring to the 7 deadly sins. but yeah, thanks for the research, i suppose they shoplife for cosmetics. instead they call it the absolute and complete truth all religions do this. that's the root cause of a lot of trouble. very cool try it out :-) here is my question: why are students in 7th grade coloring pictures? the project itself is interesting. to break stereotypes of scientists, and hopefully encourage students in future to possibly follow that path. i kinda find it odd that 7th graders are: a) drawing a picture b) writing blurbs fits more into arts than science? i could be wrong completely ad and popup free! from the site: lyricsfly.com is using a slightly modified java script engine from the brilliantly crafted google suggest project, along with some php code to serve suggestions as text is being typed into the input field. the requested text is then withdrawn from a mysql database of currently 312,801 song titles. most, but not all artists, albums or songs are included in the suggest code and there may be some duplicates. however, we are always working on improving searching and suggesting ability of the site and we encourage users to submit lyrics which cannot be found in our database. all lyrics come from user contributions and may not always be accurate. forms to correct lyrics are included with each song title. 2006: oust the gop 2007: impeach bush i crunch data all day, those aren't the top ten or in the top 50 even. xslt? whew.i thought he was going to point out one of my meltdowns on comp.lang.perl.misc ;) i love it when i get to put dry into action, like using the same data to both create a form and validate it. in a series of interviews as the soldiers about half of them combat veterans  prepared for their deployment this month, the division's commander, maj. gen. benjamin c. freakley, and other officers spoke of the heightened language and cultural training they had instituted to meet the new challenges in a conflict against militant islam that secretary of defense donald rumsfeld recently referred to as the long war.the current actions of the executive branch are cause for concern. we are not rebelling without reason. quite lit on details. only about 100 words in total. lots of pictures of google results. i find it odd that pilgrims are giving money to this kid after all, he doesn't need a thing in the world if he can live without food or water. it's undoubtedly going to the village, which doesn't seem to be doing much besides setting up the queues. at the very least, this sounds like a monetary scam. she was merely asked to leave. and handled much more nicely. being a congressman's wife may have had something to do with that. edi weitz is a one-man coding army. you've got to love this quote: nobody has seen him eating.at night the forest site is dark and only his supporters stand guard.sorry for the confusion. what i meant to say -- and didn't -- is that i offered the statement as an observation, not as an argument. it really isn't sustainable as an argument. but if the observation is correct, the statement is true. what lynxcat73 said. many people are staying through the night and nobody has seen him eating.at night the forest site is dark and only his supporters stand guard. well, then: holy or hoax? clearly, holy. sheesh. the book of mormon actually contains 1381 instances of the phrase, or variations of it. the bible contains 613. curiously, there is a mayan glyph with the same meaning. doesn't prove anything, of course, but it makes it a plausible phrase for an ancient american document written by descendants of hebrews. if you get tired of the human interest story, skip to page 4 for the science. i've never used ms equation editor, but when we were taught latex at uni, we were warned about getting sucked into the presentation language and spending our time fine-tuning, optimizing or extending, instead of actually getting work done. this was good advice, i can imagine latex being a trap for perfection-oriented people, it's very easy in latex to feel that anything short of perfect elegance is unacceptable. anyone know a way to spoof your country so you can watch it? to be honest, i think that domain names registration needs to be a little tighter. take a look at whitehouse.com or whitehouse.org. those sites are plainly based on the idea of fooling consumers into thinking they've found whitehouse.gov. along with yahooo.com and the rest, those should be shut down, since they aren't trying to make their own brand, they're preying on consumer confusion. then there's things like paypa1.com, which are straight up fraudulent. on the other hand, a site like microsoft-sucks.com is fine, since it's perfectly clear to the consumer that the site is unaffiliated with the real ms. background reading: the red queen by matt ridley not nearly as good as brokeback to the future for an interesting exercise go through the responses here and try and classify the posters. nobody ever said notepad is for editing code. ok, i did some html with notepad some years ago, but not even microsoft intended notepad as a code editor. they have visual studio for this. what time? i skimmed through the bill and read 501, 502. not being an american, and admitting my limited skill in legalese, i don't see how this bill would enshrine a two party system. it's not that i don't believe you, i'm just curious to hear why you feel this bill would enforce two parties only. people who get mad about this thing don't understand how trademarks and branding works under english law a person's name cannot be trademarked. i suspect that american and spanish law is similar. if so, people have every right to get mad about this sort of thing. the economic and the good solution are seldom the same. i think keylime actually meant 503 and; 504. domains are not brands. sure, some are, but most are not, nor should they be. tying them to brands is evil. they used to be tied to brands under the .es tld, in order to get a domain you needed to be a corporate person holding that trademark, or it needed to be your name, or you had to be a public entity representing the geographic place if it was a geographic place names, etc. as you can imagine, people didn't love .es domains then. if you want to have the org, com and net domain, there's an easy fix: register the three of them. yep, fair is fair. there's always the classic: 133th4x0r: i'm gonna ownz j00r b0xen! normal human being: try it. my ip is 127.0.0.1 133th4x0r: u idi0t! ur b0x iz min! user 133th4x0r has logged off. well written, interesting thesis! and they ban dog-sled mushers, men and women both. jeez mjd, you need a hobby. not a lot of believers on reddit then ;) new imagerecall version 3 is now faster, easier to use, and recovers more formats than any other image recovery software - including camera raw files. all years are missing a one: the modern olympics started 1896, not 896. the pentagon was built in the 1940s, not the 940s. sniff sniff spam? stinky spam gah more spam. superstar chefs is a platform game similar to mario brothers or bubble bobble. i agree that there are some scary similarities in the bush admin's case but these are just left wing talking points. in other words, it's a little weird reading about this coming from someone who believes in central planning. haiti and the dominican republic border hispaniola? i want to be able to download a tv show with bittorrent, and then load it onto my tivo to watch. when this technology becomes available, i won't need to use my computer for playback any more! my personal experience is that when you read the book carefully you discover that the proposition that joseph smith created the book as a work of fiction to be implausible, and that if you seek a spiritual confirmation of the truth of it, you can find out for yourself without having to guess. easy money. :-) just imagine, if someone else had found these we'd be looking at angelsor ufos'! cool idea to make collaboration in every excel cell. there's an awesome little burger joint in waterloo called the chill grill.they were forced to change their official name to the grill because of a conflict with the dq grill n chill promotion of a few summers ago. the local business had used the name long before, but can they afford a stupid lawsuit to prove it? easier to just change the sign outside, and leave the aprons and chairs as they've always been. i liked this, although the voice over is a bit over the top. what do you mean communism and fascism go hand in hand? that makes no sense. was there a communist regime near rome when it became an empire? convicted paedophiles are often released as was mario m  on the basis of a psychiatric assessment concluding that they no longer represent a danger to society. these assessments have often been flawed and the released offenders frequently disappear from view. actually, as far as i know there is only a 2-5 reconviction rate, which is rather good. it's absurd that people having committed these types of crimes are ever released. i wonder was the psychiatrist who recommended mario m's release held responsible in any way for his actions against stephanie? wiki comparison i like how in categories science has nothing. no science sites think they need to pay to be seen. monopoly's mystique endures, and not just because of its vintage flair. there's also the famous claim, backed up by the guinness book of world records, that monopoly is the most-played board game in the world what is the way? 0.01 percent reconviction rate is way too high, in my opinion. that is another innocent young life they get to ruin. someone else daughter or son they get to hurt. why do we try to correct these people? what foolishness drives us to think they can be saved'? i believe they were trying to make the point, communism or fascism, they are different extremes that lead to the same ends. total control of the populations by an elite few. this movie is pretty funny done by one of my buddies from boston college w0rd. scott adams is a comedian - not a career advisor. but a pretty good comedian. most people are good. they wouldn't do this. once they have crossed the line, do we slap them on the hand and release them so they can try it again? what is the sense in this? why do you want to protect paedophiles? it is not more important to protect children? so your definition of clear case of harassment is notifying someone he's in violation of a statute? if the person is not, in fact, in violation of any statute, then yes. this is not like rape or murder or some other kind of crime possibly fuelled by immediate desperate circumstances. he held her captive for a period of 36 days! even if it was my own brother, i'd still say to leave him locked up; for the safety of my sisters. heck, maybe a person can be completely redeemed. as a religious person, i'd like to believe that. but then, what's the purpose of prison? is it punishment, or is it rehab? i liked the information he gave on coffee and creativity as i suspect coffee hampers my creativity as well. bob who? i don't know, i work for a pretty good company, but dilbert describes a lot of what i see going on here. it never really described what i saw when i worked at a small company, so i can only conclude with my two data points that dilbert makes a fairly good representation of what happens at any large company that has engineers. crashes mozilla 1.7.8. i hate to break it to you pics, but capitalism isn't the answer for everything. corporations held all power in the era of social darwinism, but that changed with the rise of monopoly busting and organized labor. the cycle has swung back the other way, but if walmart and other companies continue to treat their employees as chattel, it will surely cycle again. yeah waaay over the top. the guy starts yelling less than halfway into the list. did he foam at the mouth? don't moan, just shop somewhere else! works fine with opera, so probably no intentional exploit another easter egg! in the united states, i think people want you to believe that the purpose of prison is rehab, otherwise they wouldn't release people. this guy was lucky to get the detailed, frank and honest, albeit unofficial, response from best buy. too bad he doesn't have the good sense to take it to heart. great info about financial stuff. i hope you realize that the very fact that you as an american think of totalitarian and fascist features of a country as communist features is a side-effect of your own countries propaganda during the cold war. yes, there can be communist totalitarian countries but those two features are mostly unrelated. capitalist countries can be totalitarian or fascist in the same degree a communist country can. this guy is a pompous jerk and was treated appropriately. not a particularly fast time over 22 miles, though the terrain must be a factor. to evaluate this victory, one would need to know about the horses entered, and also the course: throw in a ladder and even my poor old self could beat a few horses. seems also to crash mozilla 1.5.0.1, at varying points along the playback. averse - not adverse. the government is already providing healthcare to walmart employees through medicaid. the government is indirectly subsidizing their so-called low prices. i do avoid shopping at wal-mart because of their policies. but i also don't want any of the tax i pay being used to make-up for the lack of health care wal-mart provides. i wonder if wal-mart would be able to survive if there was no medicaid? wouldn't absenteeism get to a level that would hurt their efficiencies and increase costs? reconviction implies they already were convicted once before for that crime. a 0.0 rate is a good goal for that i think. yeah, i've been thinking of taking up trolling, but they tell me i'd have to have my brain removed first. the lottery: a tax on stupidity. what a great reply. i think that many people are willing to accept a state of slavery because of a lack of faith in themselves, rather than their neighbours. you have to have something that you want to do with your freedom, but when you do, you'll not give it up for anything in the world. i guess it hasn't, because even my macromedia flash plugin is performing illegal operations now. quick tip: if you dropped out of college to start a business, don't quote this statistic to your friends still in college. it will only make them feel bad about themselves and engender ill will towards you. thank you, you're very kind! i agree that a lack of self-confidence is a contributing factor to the average person's desire to accept a state of slavery. in the past, whenever i have discussed personal freedom with people, the objection i hear more than any other goes something like this: this is all good for you and me but what about that guy? he can't handle freedom like we can!'. as a result, i concluded a lack of faith in their neighbor is the main cause in the acceptance of a state of slavery. however, the more i think about it, the more i think you may be onto something. i'm definitely going to have to ponder on it for a while. in the meantime, i'll observe that the social safety net enables us to ignore our neighbor and for him to ignore us. this is very useful to politicians who want to divide and conquer. it's nefarious: the politicians take our money, to create a safety net, which enables us to ignore our neighbors, which divides us and makes us easier for those same politicians to manipulate. in effect, we're lambs being led to slaughter plus we're paying for the knife and butcher. worse yet, many of us have been convinced we got the better end of the deal! kinda cool, but the overlay is off and ruins the effect. nice, very cool agreed. they're hardly the only ones in government and even big business that do this, of course. it's just that it's convenient for the source of this story to perpetuate the view that these guys are luddites because they work for what is falsely perceived as a luddite administration. so they rely on lesser forms of communication that aren't time sinks and do not require them to carry blackberrys? i think this is true of most people who travel a lot and are constantly on the move. even if this discussion were limited only to the tech world, ask yourself this question: how much time do you think steve jobs spends answering email every day? my guess would be less than writers for msnbc do. knuth says: my goal is to do this communication efficiently, in batch mode like, one day every three months. the problem with this view is that--believe it or not--some of us have jobs that require change and communication on a more rapid scale. i voted it down because it's soundbite history -- so brief and general it's either either tautological or wrong. to push the point more politely, why not walk past the queue, receipt in hand? this makes it clear that being asked to queue to have your stuff checked is unacceptable - if the staff run after you then everybody else gets to walk through unhindered. i'm not so sure that we are anywhere close to a resurgence of the labor movement. certainly, right now unions and unionized businesses are doing exceptionally poorly in the us. on a larger scale, it seems that countries that are more unionized have recently tended to do poorly in comparison to the less unionized ones. it is possible that unions were a transient, something that was necessary because there was still so much friction in the economic system, and that they are no longer needed. further, walmart is not treating people as chattels. a chattel is a slave or a bit of personal property. as far as i know, associates are free to quit whenever they want. they don't get paid much, but what they do is not that hard, and does not require much in the way of qualifications, so it is not surprising that it is poorly compensated. we can't respond to sound bite economics with soundbite history. that's harsh :) i think the fact that no one else has ever done it in the 25 year history of the race is enough to call it significant. though yeah, it would be nice to know more details. indeed, the human body is able to deal with most of the toxins we throw at it. that's why we're not dead yet. however, that doesn't mean it doesn't harm us. cancer, i believe, was unheard of a century ago, and is now very common, and all of the additional toxins we expose ourselves to play a large part in that, as far as i understand it. i'm not a game programmer but i thought this article was good read. restaurant, even. that's a pretty frightening goal for a lot of reasons, but mostly because the quick fix would be to lock all these people away forever. the high emotional index leads to disastrous knee-jerk reactions. for example, the mandatory drug sentences that haunted the us for 20 years, putting minor folk away for decades while the volume dealers went free. not to mention that an unknown but significant  of people are wrongly convicted. those last few percent are what cost the most. there's not a simple answer. saddam had money enough for health, but chose to invest in arms and keep the population hostage. all the more reason to topple him. once the post-war stats start coming in, you'll see improvement. my heart goes out to the poor guy. is there anyway to find out what happened afterward? did he survive? whenever i see this picture, i wonder why there are lights running all along the length of the trans-siberian highway. must be a popular place. yes. if you're disagreeing with soundbite econ, you're held to a higher standard. which i think is good -- you should, given that you have the opportunity to take the extra moment and write a little more, point to sources where people can look. sure, it's a filter if we're talking about a 5 minute debate segment like on hardball or whatever, where you don't have time to bring out context. but here you can at least link to something cogent. i'm waiting for the word ipod replacing mp3 player in conversations. that would be an ultimate step to market dominance for apple. this is a composite, as the world is never dark all at the same time. i don't care how flawed the study was mdash; that's pathetic. i've had one semester of economics during which i was bored silly, and i had no trouble answering that question. i agree completely, especially about the resource hogging part. you just want to have quicktime, and what do you get? an annoying task tray icon and several services running in the background. i don't think bluetooth is needed for an ipod, but i think the author has a point: i think the ipod should just exit gracefully and cleanup when you pull it out instead of displaying a don't disconnect message. but it's forbidden now to criticize the oh-so-great apple. some interesting notes from the full study: fully half of the people asked had actually taught a course in principles of economics. and their excuses for not knowing are really pathetic. indeed. it is of bias instead, as your wildly inaccurate summary also suggests. heh. it would work. it would still sort of be acknowledging a system built on distrusting both employees and customers, suggesting theft as a fact of life, and trust as not something you can generally expect. it makes managerial sense but sense a skewed message. neither here nor there : this site says nothing what is this trend of using commas when a semicolon or a period is required? this will solve the spam problem for reddit. all the spammers can simply submit their stuff here. no no no no no no! no tags! please! instead of tags, make a better recommendation system! i noticed that too. between 1990 and 2000 child mortality in iraq increased from 5.3 to 12.4. now you can subscribe to gmail emails using the atom feed clinton's irrelevant sexual encounter is at number 10, and not one of bushes huge catalog of serious errors gets a mention? i don't really understand that one. i heard he survived, but that he's now in a wheelchair. many life-saving drugs were banned as dual-use'. what's this supposed to mean? ok, so if i go to clapton, i would save the 40 that i would have spent on dylan. in my book that is 40 in my pocket. if i'm stupid enough to be willing to pay more for something than its market value, how can i use that as the basis for computing an opportunity cost? maybe i should stick to engineering so long as they are small or you can disable them. really? what about at night? how much does smoking cost you financially? as one of the original gmail features this is nothing new 'where does bill clinton's monica lewinsky scandal rank? many scholars said it belonged at no. 10' the above is a telling quote. the only way most of the scholars would rank this exactly at number ten would be if a list of ten pre-selected blunders were provided to them, and they were asked to rank them. i don't think the scholars were free to provide their own entries. i modded this up.. not because i like lisp, because i want them out of the main page! :x modded down bcs of stupidly long subject line amazing site. great essays. loved the book! you seem to have decided to emulate it. feel free to elaborate. don't allow titles to be edited, else people will abuse it by submitting articles with tame titles, then if they get popular change the to alarming or spammy titles. .. ala slashdot, so that submissions from people with higher karma should start off at 5 or 10 instead of 1. that way people with consistently good submissions can stand out from the noise. yeah tags waste valuable time, and you'll get tag spam. cool killfile for reddit submitter's you don't like. i like it. meh you can do this already in the comment section. people can just submit similar links there. really? what about when it's really like cloudy? didn't think about that now did yer? ha! shows what you know. ponzi schemes are pyramid schemes. social security is a matrix scheme. they are both doomed to failure, but they are distinct. yeah reddit ought to put a limit on that if i was testing the system i'd make sure somebody couldn't specify kb or worse yet mb of text as the subject i modded this down as being a little too specific; i modded programming up however might be useful as a sort of trash can not that i dislike paulgraham.com far from it but now people are reposting specific articles by appending a bogus query string it's really gotten out of hand just make the karma go back to zero after an edit, and the problem goes away. it'll only be good for oh s, i misspelled that!quick edits that way. 1 point for french.reddit.com a lot of dupes could be eliminated without looking at the text at all -- just computing edit distance on the url and title is enough in many cases. digg seems to do something like this. this one's an excellent argument for itself. the kid is eight years old, it's way too late to start cutting off bits his mother doesn't like now. this should have been done approximately 8 years ago. as others have suggested, it would be nice to see stories that were selected by blending the algorithms hot, new, and top. for example, top means the top stories, regardless of age.', which can be thought of as 100 top, 0 new. then there's the new section, which is like the newest stories, regardless of score.i'd like to be able to say, i want the top stories that are at least kinda new and so on. the most natural ui for this seems to be a drag bar, like google maps uses to zoom in. it would be nice to see a list of the top n people with tastes most similar to mine, so that i could see what they upvoted. an additional perk on the what they upvoted page would be a way to filter out the links i already saw, so i could see: here's a bunch of stuff that you haven't seen before, but other people like you liked. i guess it's like the recommended page but with more transparency. it would be nice if this also factored out the ratings of users you don't like. if recommended would actually work, you wouldn't have to see stuff you aren't interested in. ion3 kde every n minutes, you could dump a snapshot of the first, say, ten pages of hot, new, and top to static html files. this way, when the database crashes, we can at least have some functionality. i get the shakes when there's no reddit! a little functionality is better than none. i'd rather invest a dollar in reddit. if there's, say, an olympics subreddit, i might not check it all that often. but there may be a really hot olympic story, and if it's hot enough, it should transcend the subreddit and make it to the main page. some may argue, but if the story is big enough, someone will submit it for the main reddit anyway!but why have two separate stories? the phrase you are looking for is fundamentalist christians and muslims'. hope this helps :, ja til norsk reddit :o) wouldn't it be smarter to give 100,000 - the money google used to start off - to 1,000 projects and then award the real money to the 10 best projects? of course it would. the most interesting item in the article is that they turned down a multimillion-dollar buyout offer from google'. wow. what would king solomon do? it's not his main point, but the author's also right that public financing is essential. for better or worse, a political operation is a business, along with being something else. it needs money to get its message out. if it doesn't get enough money, it goes out of business. businesses serve their customers. so who should politicians serve? the public, or those who collect and give money to them? kde fvwm2 fluxbox is that like a sorted array of sorted arrays? you can't use the similar links to train your filter if they are posted in the comments. xfce fluxbox same could be done for recommended. you then have a 3d space of weighting for stories. a triangle with corners labeled top', new and recommended would allow you to select what weighting. what is hotnow would be 50 top, 50 new, 0 recommended, etc. allow a title to be edited by the submitter within 10 minutes of submission? kde why? you really oughta back up your topic with a comment. window maker i am sure you all have already heard about the evictions that are happening in new orleans. here is another video about people being evicted 5 days after they have escaped the turmoil and their stuff being trashed. this is really messed up. the dusk map is just a blend of the day and night maps. that kinda sucks. plus, nighttime resolution is so low that a city looks like a negative of an ink blot. :) still, it's a pretty neat toy. politics naturally tends to be international, so i don't mind seeing us politics in particular, however i do get bored of constantly seeing politics in general, so i vote aye'. e17 the book that this is an excerpt from looks really cool. oh wow what a super interesting news, all the snowboarders did listen to mp3 players. excellent article. this is what smart humans are searching for all the time in my opinion, even if they don't know it themselves. of course i got the state of flow on my own but it was often with something like gaming. something that helps you find the state but isn't productive on it's own, apart from the relaxation you get from it. i really got flow after i listened to the guys who teach attraction and seduction of women. the key for me was david deangelo's double your dating because he came from the angle of genetics, evolutionary psychology and other things that i had researched. i was convinced about the truth of what he started to tell so i thought to myself: i'll give him the benefit of the doubt, for now'. later on, i also watched and read a colleague of his, ross jeffries. he's much better at expressing himself and explaining things more clearly. a better way to think about the world. but if you come from where i came from, it's better to start at david deangelo. there are other ways of getting into flow state. like gaming, sports, coding etc. this is just a suggestion, that will get you laid. have fun. i didn't know there were that much kdes? rat poison gnome unlike other satellite photos where they take pictures of the entire surface of the earth at once. !? have a subreddit tab on the front page which is drag-over, drop-down so you can select the subreddit of your choice. it would be useful even if it just suggested this story might already have been submitted without having to be 100 sure on the equality of the urls. i think a lot of times submitting the same story twice is accidental. so if when you submitted a url, if reddit thought it was a dup, it could show the form again with a message saying we think it's a dupe to this other story on one page i pointed this tool at, it picked up two obscure colors defined in the css and ignored the main page colors, such as the body background color and nav bar background color. it's a community driven website, and it's the community that will notice these things and it's the community that will prevent it from happening. sure, someone might get a brief karma boost by doing this on a regular basis, but after a few submissions the regular visitors will wise up and punish them with their votes. that's how it works. try re-submitting the idea with a more descriptive name; it's a good one. kde is this really so uninteresting that it needs to be modded to negative numbers ? exactly. the problem with the toppage is it's increasingly difficult for new links to make it to the front page. the links that are already there still gain votes and the other top voted pages lie somewhere 2-5 pages back. links on the hotpage are lucky to stay visible for 2 days. that leaves a huge gap of visibility between the hotpage and the toppage for links that are highly voted but don't have the 700 points needed to beat out paul graham. reddit and del.icio.us are somewhat orthogonal. let's make use of this! straight from the mouth of the horse - clear, concise and to the point. support your local flemming rose now! instead of automatically saving all links to del.icio.us have a button that will automatically do it for you. that way people who don't use del.icio.us or don't want to save that link to their del.icio.us account can simply save it on reddit, and those who want to del.icio.us it can push a save to del.icio.us button. kde tags have there place, but not here. cheater!!!11 eleventy oh man, this article is so cool. tickles the brain. not for me i have a coworker that had the operation at 20 for medical reasons. he didn't elaborate, but insisted that it was necessary. perhaps this is the situation for the 8 yr old? it's unclear, but slightly suggested so by the article. this sophistry has little utility. einstein's time-is-space paradigm has direct evidence and great utility, and absolutely contradicts the concepts described here such as of the reality filmstrip concept. it's not google censoring it. the video uploader can block certain countries from downloading. i don't see why we need subreddits too! if the recommended feature worked well nobody would ask for subreddits, i guess. for those who are capable of reading long sentences without getting a headache, this is a worthwhile website to revisit. fluxbox this is very good, not sure who escher is but this is very very cool. i would love to know how they did this recursive moving picture. i've read the book, this looks absolutely amazing in every way. awesome in more detail it would be cool to see how things spread across subreddits. so, allow others, but not original submitter, to recommend an article from one subreddit to another and the recommender and original submitter would both get an amount of karma for ups or down. or something. on the other hand, people seem to be modding down comments nominating wm's they don't like. i sense much hatred for gnome and fvwm around here. evilwm i'll have to second ion 3. it that takes the idea of tabbed browsing to the level of the window manager. no more having to waste your time manually dragging around and resizing windows. i feel like tech is part of the main reddit. um, why? what? how do you then drag and drop between windows? in this way you could simultaneously down vote the specific article for whatever reason, and up vote the topic to train your filter. only the content vote would be public. too complicated for such a simple process. earthbound kids idea or a simple time limit is the simplest, easiest practical solution. better than a simple plurality. plurality voting is very heavily biased toward a two-party system, whereas approval voting at least gives third parties a chance. can you tell i'm a disgruntled libertarian? so we can raise awareness that this guy is an idiot? never mind. apparently reddit people don't get that sort of subtlety - point taken. i agree, and i think the downvote option would be even more favorable to smaller parties. i think it would also help keep any party from getting too big. kind of silly thing to do. modding down doesn't affect karma, but i generally delete my posts that go below 0 because it gives me the impression that people get upset when they read them. isn't ratpoison a dead project? i.e. didn't one of the developers decide that rewriting it in a lisp dialect was a better idea? so what, exactly, is the web 2.0 movement? as an ideology, it is based upon a series of ethical assumptions about media, culture, and technology. it worships the creative amateur: the self-taught filmmaker, the dorm-room musician, the unpublished writer. it suggests that everyone--even the most poorly educated and inarticulate amongst us--can and should use digital media to express and realize themselves. um, sounds like the plain olinternet to me. and i get profound sense of irony from this article. were it not for the internet reducing the barriers to entry, andrew keen might have a very tough time getting published. what you suggested might be better, but what i wrote was grammatical, clear, and punctuated as helpful as any written english sentence might be. it was not more difficult to read than it had to be. your observation was an aesthetic one, and not one about function. consider, however, the sentence however, the underlying idea that most economists are clueless still stands, for real economics take a look at the austrian school, most convincingly at mises.org'. when reading the word for', many readers will assume that it is there as a conjunction, in the sense of sincere believe', when in fact it is a preposition. certainly we can all get used to doing this kind of deciphering, but if standard orthography works better, why mess with it? or why not learn it? anyhow, it only seems like a trend because i've been encountering it more. i learned about avoiding run-on sentences in 2nd grade. at a school called john curtis christian school in new orleans where all that anyone seemed to care about was football. maybe they just don't teach this kind of thing anymore. but if a believer demands that i, as a nonbeliever, observe his taboos in the public domain, he is not asking for my respect, but for my submission. that seems to sum things up nicely. ion is great if you don't want to spend time customizing your window manager it's funny, people. laugh. even if only to keep him off the main page =) mothers should not have the right to cut off the parts of their children that they don't like. that kid is going to become a criminal mastermind. yeah, but compare it to, say, alaska there are a lot more people living on the tsr. i like that better than a simple plurality, but i'd like something that is more unfavorable to a two-party system. oh yes, i'd very much prefer to see the resurgence of mainstream media, where everyone wears tight-fitting bellbottoms, even if they don't fit, dances at the disco, even if they can't dance, and listens to the bee gees, even if their eardrums cannot handle the shrill falsetto harmonies. what a load of crock. icewm, or occasionally evilwm what if another submitted title is much better than others? that's an exaggeration; we notified the reporter. forbes - 10 innovations that will change the world ratpoison was a great idea because its interface closely matched that of screen funny, it seems to do this for me. i don't understand. could you provide more detail? i disagree. sometimes i want to read about the olympics. sometimes, politics. sometimes technology. it's nice to be able to specify that. how does that make me rich when the rest of the world discovers reddit? i doubt they even have kids. probably just a lie to make themselves feel less criminal there's a world between a spy-plane or an em wave interception program and the technology described in this article. not necessarily getting the components to work, but the systems concept itself and then actually finding things in the data. the author must be properly paranoid. from the article: the 21-page brief filed by the mountain view search giant angrily dissected the government's claim that the search results would produce useful evidence regarding child pornography. and in the very next paragraph: the law is designed to keep children from sexually explicit material on the internet. sigh my he's paranoid. so discussion of western colonialism is diffusing stalinist memes. rather fortunate for the colonists, that. the dragon and lighthouse one are the best. :) reddit.com == armchairbuddhist.com from now on, i am cracking down on any buddhist article. actually i think getting rid of parties completely wouldn't be the worst idea. it would eliminate the worst part of current voting systems, the fact that you have to buy an all-in-one package of opinions from a very small sample size. i am also not that sure regional voting is such a great idea. after all most really interesting issues are not regional. as mklink said, you can delete a link and then submit with the correct title. ah good point. i noticed this now, it seems to be fixed. :d looks like the little alien is listening! so right. more people need to realize this. i get infuriated when i hear outrage about the poor women in africa who get their clitorises circumcized, yet no one can find the outrage to fight what's going on right under our noses. it's a shameful story of bad parenting, obviously, but the interesting part is how the parents actually believe that it's helping their son to pretend that the camera is truly his and that it represents good luck. imagine the day he goes online and discovers this story; his faith in his family will be completely shattered. ratpoison after years of windowmaker. still go back to windowmaker for less usable apps. not that big of a deal, but there is no link back to the main reddit page anywhere once you are on a subreddit. is it just for computer-generated proofs? often times the only proofs in papers i see use simple techniques like induction, contradiction, or whatever. they are as objectively correct or incorrect as ever. it looks like this may be the first ever faithful movie version of a pkd book. cool. ratpoison with a nice white border. def paddingsets the border; i had to have gdm make the background white. yes! i loved office space. this really made my day. and week! thaaaanks i voted this up because for example, i often have my volume turned way up to listen to certain kinds of music that are quiet on the cd, and get annoyed when there's a link to a video which has normal audio which sounds horribly loud. os x these days, but i used to run blackbox. before that, icewm. before that, windowmaker. before that, does anyone else remember afterstep? i believe in reddit -- it's the most addictive website i've encountered, and the core technology could probably be applied to lots of other subject areas, like politics. i'd consider investing if there were a way to do so. i'm not sure the owners would benefit from selling stock, though -- they seem to be doing fine with what resources they have and probably don't want outsiders exerting influence on how they run their business. i think some subreddits are a good idea. in particular, it might be wise to separate politics from technology news. but one thing i like about reddit is that it has become one-stop shopping for all my finding-cool-shit-online needs. if you create lots of subreddits, it compromises that convenience. on second thought, lots of subreddits would be fine if there were a way to get the mathematical union of the subreddits that i want to read. maybe a list of subreddits in the preference section, with checkboxes to select the ones i want to read. sad. i only took my semester of microeconomics for people who do not care about economics, but even i got that one right. subreddits are pages like features.reddit.com or sub.reddit.com where there are a list of links that can be voted up or down, each with a comments page. i don't suggest each have it's own subdomain though. i guess you could allow it until someone had either voted or followed your link. kind of like how in pinball you get another ball if you immediately sink. calling jp a racistic news paper is, well, at best uninformed. jp is a serious news paper. in fact of the danish news papers it is the one with the highest sales numbers on a daily basis. actually, you might eventually sew what you reap, if it happens to be flax you're harvesting. in your opinion what mayor news paper in denmark is the most racist then? maybe you don't feel that the danish folkpartiet is racist either? more circuitry than many critics would concede he came with. one thing i've been a bit concerned about with reddit is the creeping in of overtly political articles, usually about us issues, almost always from a democratic viewpoint. i don't care about us politics, and would like a version of reddit that didn't contain multiple references to conspiracy theories derived from cheney shooting people - if such a thing is possible to engineer, all the better. i'm inclined to agree about parties. i see their effect as harmful overall. it's not so much that i think they shouldn't exist, but i think they shouldn't have official recognition. why is google still keeping gmail in beta? because they can? maybe your software should stay in beta too. i was just about to quote that exact sentence when i saw your comment! he could not have put this more eloquently. i'm just hoping nobody tries to pull a theo van gogh on him. in the words of the somali-born dutch politician ayaan hirsi ali, the integration of muslims into european societies has been sped up by 300 years due to the cartoons; perhaps we do not need to fight the battle for the enlightenment all over again in europe.wonder what chaitin thinks about that.. it would seem that a hierarchy of tags would be best. so if, say, arc 1.0 was released tomorrow, it should be here, and in graham, and in lisp. ion3. i really do encourage everyone to check it out. only usage my mouse gets these days is while browsing :-) maybe my post was a bit unclear; i don't say that japan did not have the right to publish the cartoons. of course they have the right to publish them and do so without any fear of reprisal. and of course the muslims reaction is totally of proportion. but i can still believe this and think that jp was wrong in publishing the cartoons. you say that the motivation for publishing is irrelevant, i disagree. i think that the motivation for the initial publishing is indeed interesting. it is to simplify the story to make it just about free speech and religious submission. this is pretty funny. they needed to capture the comment from when jennifer aniston is getting it on with him, in the protagonist's fantasy. over to the left a little more yeah.yeah that's great. :) new firefox 2.0, more real than ever!!! kde or evilwm, depending on system. i'd like to see subreddits as mutually exclusive categories, like sections of a newspaper. if we want hundreds of out-of-control tags, we can go back to delicious. indeed. these are not tags. subreddits are for groups of people. no. recent studies have found the opposite to be true, but it was a common opinion in the late 1800s to mid 1900s when routine circumcision became popular. i agree that condorcet and approval voting both seem better than instant runoff, which is in turn better than majority rules. however, for some reason political activist groups have gotten behind irv and not the others. is it only because it's easier to understand? what are people modding down for? just about anything is better than first-past-the-post. irv is not much better. it is totally unfriendly to smaller parties. one method i like is the borda count. voters rank candidates by order of preference. the first choice get 3 points, say, the second choice 2 points and the third choice 1 point. then the points for all the candidates are added up, and the one with the largest number of points wins. it's simple, and very fair. kde. after several years of kde at work i gave gnome a try for a couple of months this past fall. it was okay, but in the end i concluded that for me kde is a lot better. and then linus said i should use kde, so there you go :-) sparklines are small enough to fit into the space next to a link rip-off of the million dollar homepage. in a country with millions of programmers, even a small fraction can be tens of thousands of people. the swiss have really cemented themselves as the 8th best hockey nation. i'm one of those atheists who like to call blasphemy a victimless crime, actually. but don't take my word for it; atheism is a non-prophet organization. ;-) if you mean invest in the sense of donations or encouragement i'm sure you could just mail them money or compliments. but if you mean invest in the economic context i think they have to limit the number of investors they take on if they don't want to make an ipo yet. on the other hand, it might also introduce a government so balanced in opinion that it deadlocks on every single issue and accomplishes nothing. either that, or the classic minority government problem where so many favours are bought and sold that spending spirals out of control. stupido interesting comparison. it still seems like it makes sense to keep a vcr-like component in the home entertainment center. i guess if you can get the computer close to the tv, and still use it for other computer stuff, it would make sense to consolidate both into one unit media center lite would be very cool. i find it unlikely that microsoft would release it though. my hope, and i think it is more likely to happen, is that they offer an upgrade to media center edition from xp home or pro at a reasonable price. housing prices continue to climb in the east bay don't know what this guy is talking about it would be nice if someone would create a box like the apple airport express for video so you could stream video to wherever the tv happens to be located. maybe that is coming along with the video ipods. :) i think i remember seeing a write up about this by the author of the patent in an old issue of the whole earth review. as i recall, his intention was to prevent this process from being used until there was sufficient public discourse about it. it would also be interesting to see who would attempt to challenge this patent. better, you could check to see what language the browser accept, and send that. w3 uses it for their css validator. set your system language to japanese, and the page comes up in japanese. nothing extraordinary, but useful if you aren't familiar with some of the free ripping tools available. in 10.2 the operating system would let you do this without any third party tools. maybe apple got too much pressure from movie companies. time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space. garfield is boring. how about more cartoons with muhammad? it's more like digg than reddit. a tendency toward deadlock is a feature, not a bug; a government that tends not to act in response to controversial issues rather than do something rash is usually better in the long run. i'm not sure failing monotonicity is that big a deal. voting systems are good if they produce fair outcomes for a particular set of votes. though counter-intuitive the circumstances that cause irv to fail monotonicity are rare and involve close elections anyway. the biggest problem with condorcet to my mind, is its biggest feature, that is selecting compromise candidates. often the least objectionable candidate simply wasn't scrutinized closely enough. if you do search engine optimization, you've likely felt the way the author describes. doing seo is like cheating on the woman you love. enlightenment i remember playing the original dos version of this. well, realistically there may be a higher chance of getting irv introduced since it's been so heavily scrutinized by australia and used there at the national level. why the australians would think irv better than approval or condorcet, i don't know. right..more like digg an article about .net threading very good :-) that's indeed a very annoying misreporting, but apart from that, the article is quite interesting and sheds some light on some of the aspects of the stance that google is taking on this. here's hoping the court agrees with them. lots of life-saving medical technology seems creepy. there are lots of things to think of before you change web hosts. i give you a list of things you should not forget and also give you tips on how to handle the server change without problems. isn't that what the home button is for? wmii what an unpleasant view of life that man has. something to stop all of the thousands of terrorist attacks attempted in america every year? wow, canadians can actually do something worse than swearing. it seems that the patent offices accept to register idea for things that doesn't even exist. tomorrow i will register a patent for a time travel machine. insufficiently justified; what about large projects? sounds like a classic case of sh!t rolls downhill'. some higher up probably gave this manager his marching orders. until one of these higher ups quits over-promising it will always be like this, especially since developers have nobody below them they can blame. can you imagine the kind of loyalty a manager with backbone would command? and in this job market which is just as good for managers as developers, they don't need to fear their superiors: they can find another job as quickly as a good developer can. so this is what a developer really needs: a manager with backbone, who also has a spouse with a good job ;) kde ah, a widespread dispersal of bird products in a large crowd filled with tourists who arrived from random places from all over the world and are going back to those places. just what we need in the time of the bird flu. a patent on a time travel machine would be pretty useless. anybody who makes a time travel machine could just use it to go back in time - before you made the patent - and patent the machine themselves. 404 jython would be great for creating applets. too bad its stalled. maybe some of those new python-javascript cross compilers are going to catch up soon? he complains about scoping further down the page, but i've found that python's scoping is just right for creating minimum boilerplate. the scoping follows what is commonly needed in most programs. twm the group of people that is only interested in the olympics or only interested in politics? i doubt that these groups really exist. i like reddit exactly because it makes me stumble across stuff i would never have looked for. exactly because it serves my manifold interests. great photo story :)) oops. looks like we broke it. that's me, in the dark t-shirt. i had to break up with that girl. she wasn't sensitive enough. we need a good term for it. reddit it just doesn't sound right, and no one would get reddited. i think ancient people prefer the term senior citizens these days. it's not so much about whether you want or don't want linux, it's about having the choice at all. when you buy a pc these days, you're paying for both the pc as well as windows -- and they won't refund you for windows if you don't want it. heart-lung bypass machine? what about that? not a huge deal. not exactly the creepiest thing. there already are patents on time travel. that would not work for some subreddits, such as nsfw interesting story. it ended better than most of these stories, but still not the movie ending everyone wants. what does google suggest have to do with anything? oh, that's actually a good idea, but your title is terrible. you should delete this and resubmit it with a clearer title. tags, no no no no no. reddit should not have tags. it should have better machine learning algorithms. amazing. it's all about making a truckload of money, at the expense of simple common sense. instead of lowering the price of their os, they offer crippled versions for the lower price bracket. devious already posted anyone else find the assignee particularly disturbing? the dis corporation? unique and quirky pictures for part of an original web advertising experiment. why isn't this in the nsfw reddit good grief. just what we need in the time of the bird flu. well, i certainly can agree with that. do you really think that people are going to catch bird flu from pillow feathers? is that what fox news told you? why would you count abstaining as all are acceptable instead of the more logical none are acceptable'? reminds me of the brain that wouldn't die movie that mst3k did. looks like futurama's right about this one. hooray for floating heads in jars! i call prior art: the head of professor doyle'. written in 1918. vista flavors: 1. dirt 2. dirt, but with more stuff in it 3. dirt, with some stuff in it.. but not as much 4. peat moss 5. loam 6. loam lite 7. compost 8. compost with fertilizer anyone in need of any screen printed tee shirts or sweatshirts,polo's screened or embroidered? this is the company call or email paullakesidegraphics.net 617-797-7902 for google, here's a number from 2 years ago: at march 31, 2004, we had 1,907 employees, consisting of 596 in research and development, 961 in sales and marketing and 350 in general and administrative.it's from their s-1, the ipo registration form. the sad thing about it is i'm probably gonna end up with ultimate. not trying to be harsh, but this isn't the place to be pimpin your product. i work in a plastic surgery clinic and that girl has a breast augmentation, a bad one i might add. this is not an advertising page. get lost! two of the eight versions don't really count because they're just missing the media player for anti-trust reasons. six is still too many, though. funny, but not safe for my workplace. resubmit to nsfw.reddit.com and i'll vote it up. because none are acceptable would be more logically represented by a blank ballot. which i predict would suddenly become very common indeed if acceptance voting was instituted in the usa meh. i need armrests. and, not quite so far back -- that hideous strength by c.s. lewis contained a head kept alive by medical technology. it's not devious, it's called market segmentation, and it makes perfect sense with information goods. why should everyone pay the same share of the development cost of a product if they get different monetary levels of utility from it? unfortunately, because people are resistant to the idea of paying different amounts for the same product, and because resale tends to undercut such strategies, you have to offer versions with varying features rather than the same version at different prices. a confusing bunch of options, though, i must say. no.reddit.com! every norwegian learns both languages at school, and the difference isn't that big. i would prefer to allow both languages. this write-up describes how to use ruby to parse ical-formatted calendar data and convert it to xml for later processing. article title is misleading. they're not buildingie from source, but rather installing ie binary using wine. ru.reddit.com anybody? this isnt real its an april fools joke just a nitpick - looks like that park is actually in china. the rides look very much like those installed in old parks there, and all the ads for the site are in chinese that's cool but yo work for a company that makes floppy drives? better start looking for a new job soon that's cool but yo work for a company that makes floppy drives? better start looking for a new job soon solution: botnet hacker keeps anyone from getting this info by slowing down the washington post's site a little:-o ah well, you can't expect reporters to have a clue or even much concern in protecting the identity of their interviewees. i could see a malicious participant putting something hard inside their pillow. no way i would trust a huge group of people to safely bash me with pillows li datong open letter in protest of the wrongful closing of freezing point magazine. not really, those are japanese. trust me, i'm chinese. :) being at work, i was afraid to even bother opening. thanks for the confirmation i don't get it. how can you find the metadata? another skeptic complaining about the difficulty of predicting markets and using it to suggest that it's folly to listen to economists, fund managers, etc. that's like saying that since the weather is a complex and unpredictable phenomenon, one shouldn't listen to weather forecasts. some things to look at and think about why don't you just use the hide button? i took two minutes, hid all the top stories i had either already read or didn't want to, and now everything is awesome. it's disappointing to see that this suggestion has been voted down by plenty of people. i suspect that the english-only reading world feels that there's no need for other languages. that's a big shame. we won't stop reading the english version, but we would really appreciate editions for our own native languages. please support this suggestion and add your own language to the list. there was also a movie called they saved hitler's brain'. der fuehrer's head was shown in a bell jar hooked up to a machine, and plotting the rise of the fourth reich from a base in south america. oh my..is that what lisp looks like? i think i will stick to my learning with python few weeks longer.. 3 applications at a time? lol. why would anyone buy that? it's a hacker classic. or for the language specific ones. still, it's not a bad idea. cheney's head can survive anywhere, including on the surface of jupiter. no one wants to buy that. this edition is there merely to provide an argument against second and third world countries pirating windows. i doubt microsoft expects to sell a single copy of this edition; it's here mainly to help microsoft talk to these countries. one of the funniest things i've seen in a long time. great article -- i love that the environmentalist wackos go crazy over such a well researched, well documented book. of course, they merely fulfill the role that crichton so elegantly designed for them. subreddit logo leading to the same subreddit has already been fixed, but this makes getting back to the main page cumbersome. i suggest that the logo when in the comments section etc. of a subreddit links back to the subreddit in question, while the logo on the front page of the subreddit links back to main reddit. update includes background on copa, court cases. i remember people doing this at grendel's den in cambridge, ma back in the early 90's. one popular strategy was to make a hollow tower out of tofu blocks. i've never seen anything like that ! this case was heard in austria, not denmark. despite what some may believe, europe is not a homogeneous entity with a single culture and set of laws. incidentally, i agree with you that, although he is beneath contempt, this judgement sets a disturbing precedent. does not print with firefox. you better believe i keep a close eye on my investments, and i compare current and long-term performance against the big indexes. mutual funds exist for a reason, and that reason is not that everyone in the world is stupid. take a look at universities, and how they manage their breathtaking endowments. they don't just dump it all in an index fund. they have professionals manage their money. again, it's not because the world's leading universities are stupid. as for the government's forecasters, i haven't paid that much attention to their accuracy because it doesn't affect any decisions i make; i'm only indirectly affected by what they predict. i'm not saying they're oracles or psychics. i'm just saying that it's worth listening to experts, while maintaining a healthy skepticism. opinion is so much easier than research. and if the research is confusing, what let the facts get the way of a good opinion? if i want real-time updates i'll go to tsn.ca. portland state aerospace society uses 802.11 as a base for their rocket telemetry. in fact, they are proposing ieee 802.11b, running around 2.4 ghz as a telemetry link for their lv2 and future rockets. each of these companies seem to grow much faster than the one before it - like it took ms nearly 20 years to hit 10000 staff but google will do in less than 10 years. it would be great to view this in year 1, year 2 etc of each company. how fast is the next super company going to grow at!? the author has a good point about the lag between security services using spying technology and the pubic knowing about the tech. so based on what we know now about spy tech, advance it 5, 10 or 20 years, where does that put us? what is the difference between paranoia and perceptiveness in 2006? have a look at the image properties using pretty much any image viewer or browser. if you have opera, you can simply right-click the image and select image properties'. firefox doesn't seem to show the info. this guy started a blog because he lost his camera?!! good idea. i've wanted this one for a while. i hadn't thought of that angle. that might actually be another use for it. they said let hitler governtoo. i agree. the current recommended list does not really work for me. just now, i had on place 1. a link wich was 1 day old, had 0 points, and really wasn't anything i was interested in. the second has again 0 points if they would work nicely it would definitely have a huge value. but no offence, can a small group of people at reddit come up with something like this? probably the best computer scientist at google and yahoo work on such problems for a while about as inclusive for non-whites as flesh-colored bandages and groucho marx noses. hi, i'm eli gottlieb's head! to be fair, i think this is a hard problem. people's likes and dislikes are really not homogeneous. your slightly off with that comparison. by insisting previously that the gas chambers used for executing countless jews did not exist he broke the law. that's not the same as legally publishing images that could court controversy. the difference isn't purely the semantics of what he said, but the legality of his actions. the title is fine except for the spelling of eerie:) nice picture though. why is this being modded down? are there terrorist sympathizers on this site? a significant fraction of the hamas legislators are currently in jail. i thought this would let you upload a picture and it would apply a filter. instead, it's just a click-based applet where you keep changing shapes, hair, glasses, etc from the choices given. very nice, but why waste time with ms paint! so was nelson mandela. are you saying nelson mandela is comparable to hitler? good news everyone: the lazy way to get rich is to kite checks! no, the way is to manage your cash more tightly.seems the best way to get on jimmy's good side is to kill enough of your own people to instill fear in any potential dissenters then hold an election where you invite him to watch. has this man ever met a murderer he didn't like? then he suggests this shouldn't hurt the peace process and palestine shouldn't be punished for who they select as a leader. after all - was anyone really thinking that they would live up to any of their side of the peace agreements? at least this time around palestine will have a govt that doesn't talk peace but do murder. these guys are letting us know up front they wanna kill as many jews as they possibly can. nice to know where they stand for a change. wow. now that's pretty damning. with your preacher's sermons for the record preachers very rarely make predictions. christian preachers normally expound the bible. because it's there?!!! i wonder what difference the laser mouse made? not your fault, it's the fault of whoever posted that original comment, who can't tell the difference between hiragana and kanji. it was kind of them to provide translations. perhaps untranslatable wasn't the word they were looking for? 27, let us note, puts them at almost exactly 10 of the way to what they'd need to impeach. at this point there is a republican majority in the house; that could change by january, but probably not to the extent that a majority would be willing to impeach the president. even if it were, republicans have a majority in the senate as well. the odds that they would fall below the 35 needed to prevent conviction after impeachment are derisory. is it true? sure. does it make a difference? probably not. yeah, i think he only means as an individual. their proposed letter to congress at the end leaves out a very compelling argument: if you allow verisign, an american company, to control .com, then there will be a huge backlash from the international community, most likely resulting in a new dns infrastructure that doesn't involve verisign, and possibly the us at all. sucks with safari, too it's along the lines of not being able to shout fire in a crowded theatre, but its way down that line. does his speech incite a riot? does it cause a clear and present danger?these questions lead to our time, place and manner restrictions. in the us regulation needs to be content neutral and narrowly tailored. this whole paragraph is full of often quoted words when discussing freedom of speech, and they all spawn from the fire example. i do not think it is fair to say that the fire quote excuses these kind of limitations on freedom of speech. i do understand that the holocaust is a very touchy subject in europe, and when i visited a concentration camp i was myself overwhelmed with feeling. the quote on one of the monuments that was translated for me said something to the effect we must never forget, and each generation must work to remember so that such atrocities can never happen again. in my opinion, the only way people are going to forget is if they can't talk or argue about it. the media is not overreacting they are simply becoming more aware of this problem that destroys lives. i know how much of a problem this is because i have been there- seen it, felt it, tasted it, hate it. similar to the other site posted, but with better diagrams. you are not supporting free speech when you say that the man has no right to say something hateful and false, because for all you know he might have unearthed some evidence that the holocaust didn't happen. now as extremely unlikely as that may be, he should still be allowed to express himself, and we should all be allowed to express ourselves back. firstly, the fact that the holocaust happened is indisputable. but if you want to discuss the wider principle of free speech, you need to consider that irving was not convicted for saying something that people disagree with, but because he broke a well-known specific law which carries a sentence of up to 10 years - there's a fundamental difference there. presumably you don't think that the austrians should let people get away with breaking their laws? just a cheep recruiting trap!.. where do send my resume again? great work! it seems to me if you went forward in time and the patent wasn't there, you could file it in the future. likewise, if you went back in the past and it wasn't there, you could file it at that time. whatever time you happen to be in, you could file the patent, as long as there was a patent office there in which to file it. of course, if you went back in time and filed the patent, you would change the future, and then couldn't get back to the original spot in time you were in. deleting in protest of reddit's new anti-user admin policies. seems pretty well-executed. i had just been thinking the other day that it would be cool to have a script auto-parse mininova for new episodes. of course, i'd started on a ff extension; this separate app idea is probably cleaner. they don't have veronica mars or grey's anatomy in the default shows, though. tsk tsk. shlimazl, n. yiddish - a horribly chronically unlucky person. he goes into life insurance, and people stop dying! yeah, i don't think even that definition properly captures shlimazl'. in fact, most of yiddish is somewhat like that: you can't translate words, because half the meanings are emotional. so the odds of impeachment are pathetically futile. we can hope, and we can pray. right now i am under the impression that spam is kept well in hand by having many many eyeballs on the new queue for reddit. i'd be worried that subreddits without enough of a critical mass of redditors to wrangle the queue may find themselves more open to spam attacks. note, i'm more thinking about topical subreddits, not multilingual subreddits, which i think are very cool wish i had this in my theory of automata course this prohibition is a limitation along the lines of not being able to say fire in a theatre. no, it isn't. yelling fire in a theater induces everyone therein to evacuate the building, which creates a dangerous situation and costs the theater owner money. the act of yelling fire is not intended to communicate an opinion, but to cause a group of people to immediately take a specific action. the act is therefore considered an action, not speech. denying the holocaust is expressing an opinion. it does not directly cause other people to act; it's speech. it's easy to support free speech when people are saying things you find agreeable or non-offensive; the real test is when someone says something that is both false and offensive. i support free speech, which includes holocaust denial and other forms of racist nonsense. so how long before the n.i.c.e. starts taking over? will be required reading for any system admin i hire. what you just proposed actually sounds a lot like ms's .net approach. very thorough piece. uh, it's actually called craigslist. chrome! chrome! andmore chrome! opiate of the middle classes so what class does the author of this think he's from? the working class or aristocracy? i knew something didn't look right when i was typing that! i've always wondered why hardware manufacturers don't fund game development to drive hardware sales. like for example, nvidia could infuse a few million into smaller pc game companies to generate very legitimate reasons for consumers to buy their cards. and of course you can't pirate hardware. it's actually not that hard to get the database stuff right, then we wouldn't have any more db crashes. maybe it depends on the karma of the user who voted for or against your story- if someone has more karma, their vote throws more weight around. yeah, it's a start, but i'd still rather just not pay for a microsoft operating system on a new machine purchase at all, instead of just paying a buck or two for a license to run a stripped-down crippled version that i'll end up overwriting with a linux partition anyway. yeah, i got this feeling he did it entirely for the purpose of getting his 15 minutes of internet fame. trihard. but of course, it still is a most impressive piece of work. loved the cs scene :) this seems extremely cool. but i have no idea what it is. preach it, hannibal! sounds like religious fundamentalists should lie low for a while. substitute folksfor fundamentalists and it still works with your first sentence. google's secrets there will be no second holocaust is there some reason to exclude the genocide in rwanda? what about cambodia? it's not that i disagree with austria upholding it's laws, its that i disagree with them making laws to curtail free speech, even if it is to silence such odious ideas as holocaust denial. link jacks link jacks roly poly linkjacked you're missing the point. it's dumb to say anything is indisputable. as a counter-example to your claim that the holocaust is indisputable: in 1989 david irving disputed it. in my belief he was factually incorrect in disputing it, as there is an overwhelming amount of evidence that supports a belief in the holocaust. but he still disputed it. how do excess payments work? click here to find out ! great stuff! great stuff! will be very nice if it can support the complete meta characters in regexes the very wikipedia article you quote states near the top that he is now sometimes described as a neoconservative or a liberal hawk,though his idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification.many people consider hitchens a neocon in his latest manifestation. pretty cool guide i must say, i never thought i'd be so fascinated by an article on detergents. perhaps you should read the article. carter points out that although winning a parliamentary majority, hamas actually lack an effective majority due to some of their representatives being in prison, and details other constitutional arrangements that would limit their effective power. this is mainly due to the position of president abbas, who has said that he will not appoint a prime minister that does not accept the legitimacy of israel and the roadmap. i don't think carter was pleased with hamas success. rather, he's accepting the situation as having occurred and suggesting what appears to be a very intelligent approach to dealing with it. the alternative is to stick your head in the sand, bury the peace process, and have an automatic escalation in violence. i don't think you should have to own a trademark to get a domain. i'm saying that if someone already owns the trademark, registrars shouldn't sell the domain to someone else. in fact, the law for .coms is already that you can have arbitration to get a domain from someone else if you already had the trademark, and they're in violation of it. however, it'd be nice if registrars would do the due diligence of checking that upfront. i mean, what exactly are we paying them for? i think javascript is much more better designed than python, even if of course it lacks a lot of stuff because the application domain limited its evolution in some way. and actually the words of the javascript creator are: the trick then becomes not borrowing too much from python, just enough to gain the essential benefits: structured value-generating continuations and a general iteration protocol. i don't think the guy who did a design like javascript can really like the python philosophy too much, and is just getting some idea needed from javascript from python, but python in turn grabbed this idea from other languages. why ? for the record: earth is flat! the title is an oxymoron. war is peace as we know now, so there's no need to call things by their name, i guess. ok, here's the deal: privacy != good. just read le modesitt. i think it's clear that privacy will be gradually eroded, we just need to decide what endgame we want: one where everyone can find out anything about anyone, or one where only big government or big business can. i have one thing to say about these photos: ??????????????????????????????????????? please continue to be dumbasses. if you're in college and can't be bothered to stop believing in bullshit, you're pretty stupid and deserve what you get: which is laughed at. plus it makes it easier for schools to throw you out and admit some smart kids from poor families. i'm surprised he didn't mention gullibility about humans causing global warming. talk about forecasting on thin data with decidedly mixed results. as you will recall, there is a chapter of the phenomenology of spirit called the frenzy of self-conceit'. is this guy trying to get his picture bound in? just guess what the hardware companies do to get the runs best with nvidia and similar logos to appear on the games and yet the us also has prohibitions on certain forms of free speech. i'd say the fact that the us courts haven't yet recognised it as a form of defamation is more an indication of a shortcoming of the us legal system rather than an example of how the rest of the world should behave. from article: why, then, are students are running away from it; why is there this decline when the field has never been more exciting? the field was definitely more exciting in the bubble days. students have realized that big money is no longer in cs. simple as that. no man shall buy or sell unless he has the mark of the beast does steve pavlina have children? evidently, yes--2. miraculous, then. i have no idea what this guy is talking about; i've been planning on majoring in computer science for years now. oh, right. nerd. all of the examples are socially accepted limitations on freedom of speech - but i would have thought it beyond obvious that they all have their own character so you clearly cannot make some kind of literal-minded 1:1 comparison of their qualities without any point of divergence. i like it. you y combinator kids are in a good place! i don't see why this was modded down so harshly. i can never remember how to use tar so this is very useful to me. 4. democracy on the web works. yes, sure. are they providing translations or definitions? computer science, by contrast, is a new way of thinking, a new way of looking at things. for example, mathematics can't come near to describing the complexity of human endeavors in the way that computer science can. to make a literary analogy, mathematics produces the equivalent of one-liners equations that are pithy, insightful, brilliant. computer science is more like a novel by tolstoy: it is messy and infuriatingly complex. then i stopped reading. video is too ambiguous. well obviously you can do anything that isn't prohibited by the laws of physics or an empty wallet etc. one meaning of the word indisputable is beyond doubt and i would say this applies to the holocaust given the evidence we have. it would certainly meet a historian's burden of proof. if you say that it's dumb to say anything is indisputable, you are also saying that it's intelligent to question everything with no differentiation. a christian journal of politics, religion and opinion. musings of a perl monger. there were many other examples given and the point was made that they are all quite distinctive. the argument was that there are socially accepted limitations to freedom of speech around the world, not that holocaust denial is strictly analogous to anything else. the idea that what you work on is a fundamental truth and what everyone else does is a conceited useless idea that nearly everyone has. realizing that what everyone does is one step towards awesomeness. realizing that there is no truth is the next step. go read richard rorty, and find out. jakob nielsen has long since jumped the shark, i'm afraid. in-page links are often the only sensible way to implement tables of context and footnotes in long text pages converted from formats meant for printing. part 2 of a multi-part podcast series. describes the tools and techniques used for investigating hacking incidents, as well as the methods used for building a computer crime case. part 2 of a multi-part podcast series. describes the tools and techniques used for investigating hacking incidents, as well as the methods used for building a computer crime case. or you can think of an economy or an ecological system as an algorithm in action. if you're a complete moron. wow, that's dumb when this actually comes out, it looks like it'll be a useful tool. you live in uk, and you want to build a business? start selling tinfoil hats for id cards! i think the scary thing is that in the not-so-far-fetched future universities will get sued successfully for kicking those students out. i really hope you all realize he's being facetious. but it seems that any article that mentions something like java sucksgets props from the reddit community, regardless of its content. so i don't know. i'm a java developer that really enjoys coding in java well at least i used to until i discovered .bat ;-) i'm glad you all don't like my comment it's a friggin sad day on reddit when a linkjacked article is the hottest really good and concise advice yes, we'll likely grow into features like this, but they will be possible. we'll certainly never do anything to lose the metadata of a post. even if it is made by microsoft! what's so wrong about publishing company goals that are likable? would you feel better if google just one day replaced that page with corporate market-speak and a stock photo of a guy in a suit? they are goals and are treated like goals: as a flexible guideline for making decisions. so far, google has been making some pretty good decisions, so i'd say their goals are working quite well for them. he is right. he just sees cs another way as most people do. cs has as much to do with computers as astronomy has with telescopes. the c in cs is just not that accurate. in germany it is called informatik and comes from information and automatik'. no computer here. he never talks about outsourcing, because programmers are outsourced, but not computer scientists. could be that in us with cs you get more of a software engineer than a computational scientist'? entertainment mogul, and fox owner, rupert murdoch doesn't believe in the video ipod. but does steve jobs, really? or is there more to it than a tiny screen? what's the relationship between mormons and thinking in terms of algorithms? the problem is that everyone who questions certain aspects of evo theory gets lumped together with creationists and idlers. there are some questioning from a more scientific basis. questions need to be asked in order to hone the theory, to continue to improve it. if we start taking a dogmatic stance on evolution then we're as bad as the creationists and it's, aren't we? paul: i'm wondering if you can comment in more depth about the statement: they're sailing with the wind, instead of sitting becalmed praying for a business model, like the print media'. i work for a newspaper's online dept. and your statement intrigued me since i am trying to figure out our business model for new media. thanks, victor this uses an available api to find contacts from email addresses, but it will process your entire contacts list from outlook or apple mail, or an old skool text file. it would be good just to have a standard for passwords. some places require capitals, others ban them, some want 8 chars, some 8, etc., etc. very annoying. even something as simple as that isn't done properly. yes. my university offers a plethora of different computing-related degrees with various levels of emphasis on theory. i'm in what's supposedly the most theory-oriented of them but i still feel like i spend too much of my time learning how to maintain other people's java programs. for just that reason i'm now doubling in mathematics. exactly. the only problem is that there are many many people who think that their favorite claim of divinely revealed absolute truth is far more certain to be true than any mere man-made theory. to them, your argument is completely backwards. in my opinion, the single biggest problem is that most people do not understand the problems with claims to absolute truth. a commentary on why most software startups should not be outsourcing their product development -- even if there are cost savings. i know i am buying a copy! it, somehow, reminds me of one of those huge ansi drawings from acid or ice, back in the bbs days. they just kept scrolling down actually these are 2d pictures.. felicia redditado. seems like a gmail clone to me is there a complete list of all the y combinator backed companies somewhere with links to their websites? no doubt, your performance is reduced because of the fragmentation on your disk. the fact is, that all the defragmentation utilities can help only when the problem is minor. if you want to make sure the fragmentation level is just about to become high, you have to measure it. there is a way to measure it. lacelevel2 is the name of the free program which will do the job. download it from www.disklace.com can you give an example of one of these problematic bits? the only anti-darwin arguments i've read are from id nuts, so it'd be interesting to hear some intelligent discourse. describes how to hack your company domain from your workstation. then you'll see that one of them has the bitter fit i am not buying a coat anymore. it is too bitter. is this legal? hard to imagine that these were once in print :) that sounds like a good response, but it's not, it would essentially fragment dns, causing more problems for europeans than it would solve. what are they going to do when two different companies register the same domain name? or when half the world only sees one set of root servers which doesn't contain your name? .com can't be controlled by two different people. here here! mamis strategie: abwechslung, von allem mal was man a lot of people don't like thinking they aren't working on fundamental truths some good stuff in there. i shouldn't think i will be switching from mac to pc, but at least it will be bearable to use someone else's machine again. pretty amazing thoughts on the subject matter. makes one wonder if the self you are at this moment is really the same self you were just a few days ago, or even a few years ago. and how do we know there was no photoshop involved? topical subreddits, to me at least, seem to be conceptually equivalent to recommended pages pretrained around certain topics. except that the pretraining is just people submitting under a particular topic. i'm not entirely sure how this is much different from tagging. or maybe we just don't like reading incoherent babble. politics naturally tends to be international actually, it naturally tends to be us and anglo-centric. not particularly international, unless you are a monoglot. old news it is kind of weird how i was actually drawn to read the whole article industrial strength cleaners and all. because that would defeat the purpose. if you take some time to closely examine the pictures, it isn't too difficult to figure out how it is done and where the connections are. however, actually making it is another matter. are the intelligence services of countries like the us, uk or israel a haven for criminals? nobody knows, we, the people, can't watch them. so by their logic we have to assume they are by the principle guilty until proven innocent news from official and unofficial google web sites i think he's in a way - a mad genius now let's see how many people fail to get the point what's the demo url? please don't be shy about naming your university. :) how to use john the ripper to crack passwords. just because you can't see a similarity doesn't mean there isn't one. the interesting characteristic of algorithms in this case is not that they may or may not terminate, but that they are a powerful way of describing processes. the interesting hypothesis is that you can describe or simulate an economy with an algorithm better than you can describe it with anything else. it's interesting because that would be useful, and it might be true. algorithms are a much more flexible and powerful way of doing it than mathematical equations, which was the best thing going until modern computers. if you didn't get that, you pretty much missed the entire point of the paper. my song is my ding-a-ling by chuck berry. great. mi dirus felie redditu'. estas pli aktiva kaj direkta. can you spare a square?believe it or not, there are some very smart people who think that python is not only very useful but is an excellent language. you know like that really successful company called google. un buen enciclopedia florida. i don't get it. what's real time'? and why are there watches in the pictures? i'm tired of hearing about it, i'm tired of all the good muslims saying what a horrible thing it is but not really doing anything about it that would gain as much attention as the riots maybe if you just shut up this would go away alot faster. you realize that you're giving your dob to a total stranger right? maybe i'm just paranoid. algorithms are a much more flexible and powerful way of doing it than mathematical equations. not true. with the lambda calculus you can express any algorithm executable by a turing machine in the form of a single expression. one of the best joke sites i've seen in ages! yeah, google suck to much for using it increasingly. i mean, gee, yahoo stuff is so much better for being hacked in random languages of the month. not to mention hooking them up with his other pr firm called reddit why not get your favourite language to compile down to javascript? perl 6 will be able to do that. vote 1 for worst pick a date design ever if you're gonna list clemens, you really oughta list other yankee greats like george ruth, henry gehrig, and lawrence berra. i remember hal abelson in the sicp video lecture said something along the line of computer science is the formalization of processes, or imperative knowledge, whereas math is the formalization of declarative knowledge people tend to confuse the essence of a field with its tools; computer science is as much about computers as geometry is about measuring earth. geometry started off as measuring earth, but later evolved into generally applicable mathematics, and computer science will follow the same tandoh great, mr. aid totally blew the cover on our plan to float balloons over iraq and drop pro-democracy leaflets. now how are we going to convert them?! this hasn't lost its potency in over 20 years. i'm glad to read it again. the dutch call this field of study: informatics too. even though i think it comes closer, i still think it doesn't reflect the field correctly. it's not just information that's being studied, it's also the transformation of information by a process. maybe computing science or information processing science is a better word. ips has a nice ring to it. you lost me after you segued from software patents to the exploration and colonization of the new world. less is more. i agree. there is a certain insight that you can only get by doing something like becoming a hacker. i thought those two are people's expectations for how a stateless society would work. neither one relies on aggressive force. how are they different, or incompatible? it seems that while an up arrow means it was worth seeing, save means it will be worth seeing again. if default decay times are fast enough, letting saves slow it down might work well. you lost me after you segued from software patents to the exploration and colonization of the new world. less is more. i'm still learning how best to speak my mind. i was aiming for more of a subconscious effect. you're right that it won't work if i lose people that stop reading. i'll let it stand as it is. thanks for the feedback. shouldn't this be us politics then? i found it to be refreshingly original'. or, looking back, more akin to american localization -- month - day - year. which gets 1 for bad way to spell out a date.big endian -- ok, that's sanest. little-endian, well, at least that's self-consistent. but middle first? that's a big wtf. you can believe in creationism all you want, denying that there is absolutely no factual evidence for it is the thing that gets you called dumbass'. the truth is that we are no different than any other nation. let's face it, there isn't one war or foreign policy that america has gone into for the sake of another country or another person. i'll have to pick you up here. america is by no means perfect, but there's significant differences between american freedoms and say china, iran and north korea. as for the wars, compared to germany and japan, america was clearly doing the right thing in helping to liberate europe and asia. quote: computer science is the formalization of processes, or imperative knowledge, whereas math is the formalization of declarative knowledge people tend to confuse the essence of a field with its tools does that mean that processes can only be described by imperative programming? what about functional programming? don't they describe processes declaratively? or is it that a declarative algorithm is more of a black box that will change the information that is input without adjusting the black box at all, so that the way you structure the input is kind of the algorithm'. i'm asking because i want to start programming in a functional language, erlang. thanks in advance. with the caveat that taste and style are personal choices, when i read this it sounded like my mother trying to dress me. i guess i should be glad i agree with her that the frat boy look is out. i can hardly believe it when i walk onto college campuses today, and see the frat meatheads wearing the backward white ball caps, just like they did when i was still in school. sweater vests? gimme break. a sweater vest screams geek no matter who is wearing it. one of my favourite reddit features is the ability to go through someone's posting history and rate down everything they've ever written. it's oh-so-satisfying. ;-) what part of though his idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification don't you understand? how many neo-cons describe themselves as trotskyites like hitchens does?!! many anarcho capitalists would look the same way upon someone who didn't have a contract with any private defense agency. it just happens that while a hypothetical private defense contract doesn't expect you to share wealth with other members, most jilibs incorporate such a clause into their contract'. that is one slick interface. kudos to the designer. haha rule of thumb: if it is longer than 10 lines, don't post it as a comment. post it on your blog or at a similar location. and then there is this other kind of powerful, the one not related in any way to the term turing-complete'. i very much like my own views. suggest you learn what a reductio ad absurdum is because you took huge offense at your own argument when it was posited in a different way - you even inferred that it made you a holocaust denier. to add to the hilarity, you start calling me the dimwit whilst completely missing the fact that this is simply the logical conclusion of your own stated view despite having it explained to you very slowly. except for the tiny little bit that .net is not portable until there are full, bug-compatible implementations for most major platforms which will never be the case. so textpayme is the y-combinator answer to e-gold's phone payments? :) fries - too much fat. burgers - unhealthy. ice - way too dirty. future trips to fast-food chains - zero. list of blog and rss directories and their add url links. it is interesting how little thought subscribers give to the security of services they use even with their own money involved. unfortunately securing these services is usually a stumbling block for service providers. in the mobile space this is complicated by the fact that the operator owns the customer and the device. 1? with any luck, at any rate spring training and season preview for the philadelphia phillies. change the serpentine belt on a gm vehicle with a v6. go ahead. i dare you. then come back and try to tell me with a straight face that gm's cars are well-engineered. that inane belt drive system is just a small sample of literally thousands of utterly stupid engineering and design decisions built into every gm vehicle. it's about the cars, stupid. gm forgot that sometime in the 70s, and after thirty years of brain-dead coasting, it's about time this dinosaur died. the corpse has been stinking up the country for a long time. you're right. i just did it to all of yours. it is fun! yes, lolconfusing title, but in essence what is going on is these bikers ride to the funerals of dead soldiers to honor the soldiers - in opposition to the wbc who try to dishonor the soldiers. when you're my age, you pay more attention to what a man does, and less to what he says.. dr. krakt not my problem if you don't care for my style, or if rorty doesn't. conclude what you want, i didn't say it would change anything, let alone absolutely everything. lots of idiots are attracted to lots of smart people, thinking less of the smart people is a pretty hasty generalization. i gave up arguing persuasively on the internets a long time ago, when i realized most people 1) already have their opinion formed 2) won't take the time to follow a persuasive opinion anyway. sorry if you are in the minority and you'd like me to spell everything out for you. but i won't. if you want to understand rorty, you'll just have to read some. if you don't want to, or just want to criticize everything around you, go on ahead. it is after all, what i do most of the time. i've found this an interesting problem as well. the whole bttf premise of through time but not through space makes a lot of sense, but it's all still just relative to the surface of the earth if you use a mac, but your bank doesn't support using a mac to download transactions and balance account, you'll want to read this. evidently you can make it work just by tweaking the file from webconnect. i may actually start using quicken again if this works right. nations don't have rights. most of the time when we say a nation we mean a government, and any power the government has comes by violating the rights of the people. this is a very sad and infuriating example of what happens when a government does not respect the rights of its citizens. the us government was almost an exception to the rule that people in power will use that power to hurt others. it's just a matter of degree, and it's getting worse. what happened to arar is wrong. no matter how you slice it. false dichotomy! even if evolution is wrong, it doesn't mean any other theory or belief is automatically right. arrgh, my brain. just fyi, all caps doesn't scream vote for me, it screams spam. otherwise, wow. fewer jobs.. sweater vests scream geek if you're wearing it over a shirt with a pocket protector. but i agree with her, there are plenty of hip hop artists, like common, who look pretty dapper in them. and nerd chic looks pretty good on a lot of people too. and yeah,i agree that style and taste are a personal choice, but that doesn't mean people can't dispense advice. where would the instyles and lucky's and gas be without it. and come on, whether you want to believe it or not, it wouldn't hurt to give some people advice. my boyfriend was one of them. yes you are. problem i see with the lack of privacy is the people who keep an eye on us. if i could trust my government to spy on people they thought were bad great! however, what's to stop them from spying on political opponents? eric schmidt to see how google stock is going to perform? their wife? the whole concept of checks and balances is that governments cannot be trusted. i assumed the voice call was automated - that would scale somewhat. and that you entered the pin via the keypad. that would help, but setting it up is far from trivial :) i wonder if there are any voip apis that mean you don't need loads of phone lines to send out automated calls? information overload discussed the swh is one of those things that you know is kind of true, but also kind of not. in most cases, it's society that forms language rather than the other way around. japan didn't always have a bucket load of polite ways to say things, that only happened after the feudal age dragged on for too long. in this case, if we were doing cs right, we'd probably talk about it right too. probably, changing our words is a good first step on the path to right action, though. these bikers don't seem like your typical drug-dealing motorcycle gang. in fact, i would think such groups make up a miniscule minority of bikers, particularly with the influx of mid-life crisis bikers. just look at sturgis these days. so the probability that it's just a pr stunt is pretty low, and it's a little insulting to the bikers i know, who are good honest people. i think your conception of snoop dogg's business as community destroying is similarly out of touch, as is your need to qualify snoop as gangsta,particularly with scare quotes around it. these are just stereotypes that the media uses to scare people, and though they're good at getting people to listen to the local news or buy a magazine, they're not particularly true. there's no need to perpetuate them. a persuasive opinion is, by definition, one that persuades people. if you're not persuading others, then you aren't persuasive. i would say that you're right that arguing on the internet usually doesn't result in people changing their opinion. however, it sometimes does. i read a good piece by dennett on the role of religion in the public square, and i changed my opinion. then i thought about it some more and changed my opinion back. still, i felt like i learned something. you made a good point, which i recognized from rorty: people tend to think that the things they're into are the absolute coolest things ever, and everyone should love it. his example was his love of bird watching or something like that. i've read an accusation that paul graham is doing that when he says hackers are like painters. anyhow, that point was lost in your original message, because you switched up ideas one after another with no follow up. when you write, you should give the reader enough rope to let them draw the conclusion that you're pushing on their own. then give them the conclusion on a silver platter, in case they missed it. firing off five interesting things with no obvious connection between them and a hostile vibe isn't really a good way to get people onto your side. try to step back and think about what you're arguing, including all the mechanics that you'd prefer to skip over. if you don't explain things to the degree that it feels like too much to you, it probably won't be enough for the reader, since they have their own minds and might not naturally follow an idea down the same path that you do. nz maori party are very small, this'll die before it gets anywhere. this sort of thing is all about making the news cycle and promoting your company's oops, party's brand very cool it's from an institute pushing libertarianism, expect a lop-sided picture. cool feature. nature mag also has its own podcast as well. well i've been living with ubuntu for the last few days and well frankly it sucks. a simple and haunting song principles, practice and techniques: a guide for the aspiring filmmakers. . yuk! saying that linux sucks because you didn't find ubuntu to your liking is like saying that motor vehicles suck because you had a distasteful experience with a ford focus. but, of course, you must have known that before you posted. you're a relatively smart guy, with a decent grasp of logic and rhetoric-- you were just hoping for a few inflammatory fanboy comments, weren't you? funny that you've unlinked comments on that post, by the way griping about the default color scheme? seriously. you can't tell me that you couldn't figure out how to change that. so, congratulations. one linux distribution down, and only suse to go. and mandriva. and fedora. debian, mepis, gentoo, yoper. and slackware. and b7joc: web scripters won't be able to migrate unless they want to cut off a portion of the audience it's like that already. in my latest project i specified which browsers it would work in. i'm using a lot of javascript for ajax stuff and i don't want to have to degrade gracefully because it's too much work - if you don't have javascript enabled and your browser is not up-to-date, then sorry, you're out of luck for this app. the audience needs to keep up with the technology the small percentage of people who prefer their technology 10-years-old miss out. that's their problem. if you look closely the watch is showing the real time. just kidding, i still don't get it too. 1984 gets quoted so much, but it's so perfect. why does the government need to move more and more into secrecy? i grow weary of this terrorism, my own government is starting to scare me. i agree with you. insightful comment. hayrl olsun :) the bible of course says love thy neighbor unless he is gay,lesbian,bisex,trans or arab lookingaccording to george 3:16. home ve pro yetmedi, ii iyice abarttlar! even though i don't use macs, it's good to know there are ways around problems that can be found on the net if you look for them. why on earth is this a https: site? perhaps if you had read the entry it would have made more sense. if you think dealing with a mostly invisible enemy is easy you don't know anything about politics. however, the point of the article isn't to praise bush for how he has handled the situation it is to comment on how he has attacked our liberties while claiming to help others gain them. of course, it's always best to rush to a judgement.. this story reminds me of the song fred jones part 2 by ben folds. if you haven't heard it, it's a really poignant story, and i highly recommend it. a very important story about the far-reaching effects of the war on terrorism. test hardly very thorough benchmarks, as the author himself notes got ur sms from a local no, got confused trackback i read this until tears rolled down my face and my boss started giving me funny looks. this is the funniest page i've seen on reddit. in many states, it's illegal to pass or otherwise disrupt a funeral procession as they bring the casket to the cemetery. you'd think similar show-respect laws could be passed about interfering with the burial. but what do i know, not being a lawmaker. the parties are to jointly proposed the contents of the injunction. back in 1989 in long beach my friend and i went to a taco bell that was doing this. they have a taco bell there that is used to test out new things. i'm kind of surprised to see it finally coming out elsewhere. the whole ordering process seemed odd and detached. these new machines are a bit more colorful. in that california restaurant there was a wall that replaced the counter you normally order at. you keyed in your order then a few minutes later a big number sign would flash your number and a tray appeared in a slot for you to take your food. you never saw the kitchen or the people who made the food either. you're assuming that those libraries are for sale at any reasonable price. i don't think any of the major studios would sell anything that would really be worth having to a tech company. they're intangible assets which means they are effectively priceless. if you sell a fab you can always build a newer, better one. if you sell the rights to old movies, you might retain the right to do remakes and sequels, but you can't really replace the originals. i think the studios consider those to be core assets. it would be like intel selling all of the chip designs they ever created or bought. the equivalent to a fab in the entertainment business would be more like a set of sound stages with cameras and such, not the content library. you really should try ion 3. i'm never going to visit america again. there are many stories of innocent people being detained for no reason. i'm going to see more of the world but i'll give this fascist state a miss. hello, i'm here for an argument!i was just piling on. :) but i wonder is awesomeness a destination or just a direction? i see the truth in it! i would not be surprised to see similar results in all types of restaurants i would like to see bar popcorn get tested the sort which is achieved in mathematics through the use of notation conventions. a general writing rule that i heard somewhere or am possibly making up: if you can cut it in half and it still makes sense, it will probably be better that way. applies recursively, just make sure to get someone new to read each version and test for effect. looks like it might be intriguing, but that's the worst web site design i've ever seen, so it's hard to tell everything is dirtier than toilet water excellent site with new photos posted daily. check out the archives yeah that was,as i'm sure you know, mention in the comments. i don't think the particulars of the utility are the pertinent point, however. awesome. got some great potential. so you read chapter 3 of freakonomics and now you're comfortable enough to namedrop the black disciples? i love the questions at the end: it is interesting to see that the writer classifies thinking into three grades. what do you think the writer refers to by the three grades? how does grade-three thinking differ from grade-two thinking? why does golding's story about rearranging the statuettes serve as a good example of grade two? grade-one questions, i'd say. well, this fascist kleptocracy may be my home country, but that doesn't mean i have to stay here. maybe i should look into what dad said about attending a foreign university this is very, very, very old. we want your support for beta testing our web-based peer-review tool. our web-based peer review tool offers: - file storage and sharing - multiple revisions of your work - collaboration with reviewers - issue tracking and discussions - rss feeds for update notifications all beta testers would be provided with a complimentary package that would continue even after the beta testing period ends. if interested just post your reply or send an email to supportreviewoften.com. ooh good one! i can't believe i didn't think of that. if they get the ai right, that really is quite neat. my question is: what's the market? it'll be a very cool toy, but i don't think it'll beat out a real pet. php imo does suck but this article does not do the best job elucidating that. for one thing there was no mention of the fact that php does not support closures, anonymous functions, and so forth. the link doesn't work. what a complete swine! was that a tribute, or was it a judgement? it is the height of arrogance for someone to presume they can judge someone else's entire life. this is another reason why, on the rare occasion i actually enter a fast-food place, i get my drinks without ice. the other reason is that ice dilutes the sugar-water, and if you're going to do something unhealthy, enjoy it! oops. at the time, i did do a quick google to check, and most of the links i came up with were medium heat'. but i certainly defer to delia. what are everyone else's demo urls? excellent! i believe it would be unwise to legislate against their right for free speech here. once the government gets rolling on curbing speech, they will not stop. the limits will keep increasing. and more topics would become taboo. i think the bikers had the right idea, to support the soldiers through their solidarity. there counter protest is the right way. they are educating with their own actions. i have a newfound respect for bikers now. i gotcha, your link looked like just bnfs at first. but very funny. great idea for a company. i wish i had thought of this. help people find good books and make money off the amazon referrals. the last thing we need to do is give phelps and his westboro church any more publicity than they deserve. they are trolls of the real world and live for this kind of reaction. phelps and his ilk are not true christians. they can't even be used as a valid criticism of christianity. so why is this the number one article on reddit? agh, those snobbish rebuttals made me cringe. very nice review of the verizon xv6700. this phone in my opinion will be the blackberry killer with its slide out keyboard and push email capability. watch out blackberry, someone is on your ground! well, having actually read the article it says: i'm not sure anybody has gone to this length to stand in solidarity,she said. it's nice that these veterans and their supporters are trying to do something. i can't imagine anything worse, your loved one is killed in iraq and you've got to deal with fred phelps. i'm not american, but doesn't veteran', as used in the article usually mean a person that has served in the armed forces? in general do veterans deal drugs? what, is this place becoming livejournal? i wouldn't stop saving money at walmart because of their stupid security policies. i just walk by the bag checker. it is fairly entertaining sometimes - because the occasional bag checker will flip and start yelling. at fry's they have put up a sign that states they have the right to search your bags. bullshit. just walk on by. the contents of your bag are your property. the bag is your property - assuming you just paid for it, of course. the quality of the suggestions from this site are very low. why not use amazon to do the same? lol. :-) somehow i doubt this paul felt his life was wasted. the value or waste of a life is subjective, remember? it is the state, not government, that is the problem. more specifically it is a monopoly of state powers used in a coercive manner that is the problem. there is nothing wrong with leadership and structure, it is when you point guns at people, steal their treasure, and force them to conform to your set of ideas that the problems start. yeah, i've seen my share of smarty spaghetti. thanks. no sources cited on some fairly damning information. talks about a secret service report that this guy somehow received? yet no one else has? i'll wait for the real news. is it really supposed to be helpful'? seems like it's simply someone's shrug about the whole thing to me. i thought it was interesting, not that it taught me anything new, but it did make me contemplate for a second. interestingly i thought this was a worthwhile link not necessarily for the specific entry, but for some of the other entries that i browsed to from it. neat sql tips. nice to see teenage blogs are of interest. you are lucky they haven't shipped you to guantanamo. :) lame great! thanx berkeley! smarty is just a meatball. bin laden is necessary for the good-evil theory of the neocon, inspired by leo strauss. mirinda! these guys also have no pr firm. in fact, i don't know of any yc funded company that has a pr firm yet. search on google a video of peter russell in ny. it speaks about what he would do with a deaf girl. very hilarious. ;) offers cheats, cheat codes, trainers, walkthroughs for pc and console video games. excellent site. i agree. people are voting down the international subreddits on the subreddit page. so since all computer science is a branch of mathematics anyway, revise mathematical equations in mathematical equations before computer science.every sufficiently large group has its nut cases. you can't get rid of them, either. wow, what a train wreck. i thought it was going to stop at the they run red hat comment. from my link: and how about those randomized place-and-route algorithms that have driven fpga design for over a decade? or rip up-and-retry auto routers for pc boards? the use of random design variations coupled with fitness selection officially qualifies as a non-leading-edge, established, routine methodology, not the antithesis of engineering'. non-intelligent design is sometimes used when complexity surpasses the interest of a single mind, in circuit layout as well as areas such as scheduling. my phrasing was imprecise, because obviously most of a computer is designed by humans. my point is that non-intelligent systems handle complexity and complex machines well, that we use such products all the time, and that the watch argument has yet again proven to be the sophistry in the debate. so the way to fix the problems in an overblown templating language is to use the templating language it implements? barftastic. i have to agree this post seems pretty fish. a source said a guy said so-and-so said but no names, nothing real or substantial to the whole post. python sucks! it would seem that phelps, the taliban and radical islam are very much in agreement here. h dear england, just a friendly little reminder: it wasn't your choice. love, the united states of america i really want to know what i did to make this number 5 on my recommended page. hot site szia, bugbear. j ltni hogy nem vagyok egyedl itt. ;-) rdekes, br enyhn tmny, cikk! do you just repost boingboing articles? well said. how about we stop skirting around the real issue here. php is not l33t enough for j00 finally! my mutant toothy chicken army will come to fruition soon! the cartoonist is mistaken. it's true that if you reduce your consumption of something, others will consume a bit more of it. but not to the degree that you cut your consumption. because of that, and because the price is now slightly lower, the suppliers are now making slightly less money. after all, if the people in developing countries are currently willing to buy more oil than they already are at the current price, why aren't they? didn't we have a diamond story just recently? yea, and the majority response was, well, we all agree that its absolute b.s. but try and explain it to your significant other around anniversary time and see what happens.i also do this at both of these stores, especially fry's. they have 50 cashiers, but only one receipt guy? i just don't have time for that. they aren't checking your receipt because they think you stole something, they're checking it because they don't trust their cashiers. i can tell because they're not checking my pockets, only my bags. out of respect for another person's dignity, i'll let them glance at my receipt if there's nobody else in line, but if there's even one person ahead of me i just walk on by. occasionally they get angry and say excuse me, sir, sir!!but by then everyone behind me has realized that they, too, don't need to wait in this line and follow suit try getting a 2000 gift card to best buy for your new fiancee. it's quite easy to say, in response to the geopolitical injustices perpetuated by the diamond tyrants, and also my philosophical disagreements with using a naturally occuring carbon substance as a form of love and unity, i got you a gift card worth the same amount as that engagement ring.it would also point out that if you don't like it don't do business with companies like that. and private land is not an island unto itself. you go there to shop. there is no implicit agreement that a private store has the right to do that. you purchased your goods. unless they suspect you stole something and have more than its standard they can't. i am fairly libertarian on a lot of issues and i don't see how private land== owner of the land can do what they want to you is true. it's a business. when you open your doors to anyone you give up a lot of rights. however if i were a club member of something like sam's club that's fine. me and sams have an agreement that either of us can cancel. i think a lot of these are good points to remember, but i must ask, what is number seven saying? sedulously eschew obfuscatory hyperverbosity or prolixity. also, is it just me or are numbers 20 and 23 the same. i'd forgotten perhaps the best one of all: roundabouts and metrication will help you understand the british sense of humour.well, that might be a little bleak ;) on the long term, networks will improve and bandwidth will become cheaper. however, on the short-to-mid term the investments required to upgrade the networks might turn out to have a negative effect on the bandwidth price. bandwidth usage will probably increase as well, so supply and demand might well be in a similar situation as today, though. my prefs hide items that have less than 10 points. the original post just didn't reach critical mass. probably because the previous title is boring. imo, starting with student finds was a mistake. i'm more interested in filthy dirty ice than, yawn, ordinary students. this example might be helpful to anyone who'd like to make a popular submission. gave the wife a choice: new intel based macintosh laptop or a pair of diamond earrings. both were priced about the same. which do you think she chose? if this is about not judging christians for the actions of some, shouldn't that apply to bikers, too? while i agree with you and respect these bikers, they are not necessarily representative of all bikers. and i stopped playing falling sand for this? the article is from 1982! i didn't view the article so much as a blanket argumentas a handful of complaints about php. maybe they're not all valid, and maybe they're not all compelling, but it's food for thought nonetheless. it was a mistake for me to title the link simply php sucksand not i'm sorry, but php sucks,though; sorry to be misleading. i work extensively with php and i think it's a great tool. there are lots of jobs that i would rather do in php than any other language, although that's largely due to familiarity. my general impression of php is that it has a good api, great community support, and it's very easy to learn. i also happen to think that it's a fairly specialised tool that is really only good for the domain of problems that it was designed to solve. it's a great idea. i was looking for something like this before. the suggestions are off a bit, but i found a few good ones. if it gets popular i suppose the suggestions might improve. there's no password protection. not a huge flaw, but it is a problem. also, when adding books, sometimes if it asks me did you mean?, when i click on the correct title, it tells me i'm not logged in and it can't be added. i don't see this working with popular books too well, i mean everyone has managed to read the da vinci code. why do you even need an engagement ring? if i'm correct that's one of those modern things that they convinced everyone to buy. the sad thing is, everyone is still being fooled. actually he's right. the point is, that while you can reduce the consumption of oil, you can't decide what oil will no longer be consumed or what the oil-producers no longer spend money on. if less oil is consumed the oil no longer used will be the oil that is most expensive to pump. and that just doesn't happen to be oil from saudi-arabia. now admittedly the saudis are pumping at maximum capacity, so if the price goes down they, too, will make slightly less money. but that doesn't mean they will give less to terrorists but rather to the thing least important to them they are still spending on. that would more likely be a school for girls than al qaeda. so if less money is spent on oil that doesn't mean less money finds it way to the terrorists. it means first less money for the marginal producer and second less money for whatever pleasure the saudi royal family considers marginal. so you can use less oil, but not less of the oil the al sauds use to fund osama. there is no real value of anything. it's all about how much people are willing to pay. php is one of this languages in the big family of what paul graham calls bulb'. the strength of php is that they got right before the others not the language design, but the idea of having a lot of tools for web programming well integrated with apache in just one tool. now it's too late, we'll have to live with it for a lot of years. what's sad is that after the success php didn't tried to follow a path in order to fix what's wrong about its design. mod this guy up. fundamental to the discussion of markets is the observation that something is worth what people will pay for it. nothing else. does anyone else here let forever be by the chemical brothers in there? basically the only thing that would beat out the earrings would be bigger diamonds, or in my wife's case a perhaps even more ridiculously priced item, a chanel bag. eudora does it matter that those entries are modded down? i thought that page just served as a convenient listing of all the available reddits who cares what they score? i don't know about other countries but here in australia the pizza hut chain is shrinking fast compared to dominos. the complete list: - before, or after? 168.5 for me all those years of playing quake weren't entirely useless it seems :-) found this interesting. i hate to give details especially my phone number to other companies. this is exactly what i do. however, because smarty is only a subset of php's functionality, it can be a security measure. ie, allow the designers to customize the site without also giving them the power to empty the db. in 99 of cases, though, the example that you give is better and faster. it's just not safer. if you're going to pirate, though, make sure the quality good. have some respect for what you're pirating! that's my new 2006 motto!! maybe the people that mod you down have never been in a latin country. maybe are the same people that mod up how to clean your house and how to get dressed etc etc yeah but the op said it was the engagement ring per se that was modern - which is not true. no offense by i for one wouldn't want the kind of wife who would prefer a computer to earrings. my friend buys diamonds i dunno. i like a woman who knows how to preen herself, but a single pair of earrings the cost of a new macbook pro? there's a line where extravagant becomes absurd. i'm not sure i'd want a woman with tastes that expensive. not for a wife, anyways. and to this end they built themselves a stupendous super computer which was so amazingly intelligent that even before its data banks had been connected up it had started from i think therefore i am and got as far as deducing the existence of rice pudding and income tax before anyone managed to turn it off. actually fundamental to the discussion is an understanding of the nature of the diamond market. it is a monopoly with a single organization throttling the supply of diamonds in the world. the reason that diamonds deviate hugely from their real value is because there are no competitors to debeers. but otherwise, in most other areas where there is healthy competition, the prices of items are close to their real values. that's why it should be separate. it's not convenient to have that page cluttered with subreddits that most people can't read. i'm confused. can someone post a shorter, better description of what happened? well, that wasn't the only reason i stopped shopping at walmart, but i agree with your post. the next time i get challenged, i'll try that. i read about a guy at best buy who was assaulted for not stopping to be searched and interrogated. i've wondered about suing walmart for assault and criminal confinement if they get crazy yeah, i'm not going back there. target, osco, cvs is more peaceful the my redditidea might solve that. i'm not sure about submitting though, right now it's easy to submit new links because of the bookmarklet, but i wonder how that would be affected by topical subreddits. and then, how would i figure out which subreddit to submit to? another important drum loop is the break mid way through james brown's funky drummer'. ahh the elegance in simplicity judging from the fact that you're a redditor, i assumed the answer was that she chose a macbook pro, but i now realize that's not what you meant. i hope i end up with a guy who knows i'd rather have a sweet new computer or an amazing trip than jewelry. this book is rather long and has a number of typos. some of the facts in it are contested. afaik, it was never published. but it helps one to understand the man and moves one to pity his children. btw, understand doesn't mean exonerate or excuse.this mess is as evil as any man i know. i would imagine that significant use of runtime evaluation is not good for performance, either. the main reason they hate us is we are not majority muslim. this saves my grade every time =) berkeley is the best i agree. it seems natural to me that clicking on the title should take you to the subreddit your in, that was how i expected it to work before it did work that way, but it is annoying that there's no link to click back to the main reddit page. i don't think changing the behaviour would work either, if the title says features reddit', then it should take me to the features reddit. maybe a link home could be added near the top of the page, by the logo or by my username. from the link that you posted: in neoclassical economics, the value of an object or service is often seen as nothing but the price it would bring in an open and competitive market. this is determined primarily by the demand for the object relative to supply. that is the notion of value that i subscribe to as well. thanks for the link! hooray for hitchhiker's guide references! douglas adams was such a genius. so we are in agreement then? diamonds have no real value other than what people will pay for them. i had seen the documentary about the synthetic diamonds being produced cheaply in russia. apparently, the synthetic diamonds were more flawless than natural diamonds. as per the documentary, the debeers spin machine was busy trying to prove to people that the flaws were a sign of it being natural and therefore a desirable attribute for a diamond.. lol this is disgusting, and everyone should do something to stop this insanity. yet another reason to buy local pizza. unless you live somewhere with local pizza so horrible your dog won't eat it. then, and only then, is dominos justified. we love feedback just don't leave it on our blog. i suppose constructive criticism isn't the cartoonist's responsibility.  i  neither in agreement nor disagreement. :-) my point was just that if the market were competitive then the price of diamonds would be closer to the value as per the definition that i quoted. imho, your definition of value', i.e., what people will pay for them, is more appropriate in the field of something like say the art industry. not all rare paintings are expensive. but only those painters that people take a fancy to are expensive. but even in such a situation, if van gogh were able to paint a million paintings in his lifetime, the price for such paintings would be drastically lower than if they were rarer to obtain. you should post this to fr.reddit.com this smells of quackery. yea, wtf is the story?? fascinating. i don't even listen to electronica, nor to tv commercials, and i've heard that loop many, many times. however, zero-g hasn't necessarily copied the amen recording itself. all drummers learn that beat, along with the dozens of others that make up the furniture of our musical tradition. neither would the sound of the instruments themselves be especially hard to replicate. opposites attract each other. i recommend introvert to be paired with an extrovert. http correct. bin laden is our emmanuel goldstein. nice little experiment. the moral of the story is, of course, that valentine's day is evil. i mean, it's called vd for a reason how ironic is it that the bbc is the entity to report this about the us? our own media can not be bothered. circumcision in the us became common because it was thought to discourage masturbation. as far as i'm concerned, it's child abuse and should be prosecuted as such. i call bs. never heard that one. while i'm glad to see this - too many abortions are done purely out of convenience, i'm pretty baffled with there not being an exception for rape victims. is there an exception for cases where its either the mother or the child that dies? anyway, people are free to have their own opinions, but when people are having abortions simply because they don't want the child or they don't have the money, there is no excuse. you really should've thought of that before you decided to start practicing a human action which has the side-effect of producing human beings. this day and age, there's plenty of people on adoption waiting lists that would gladly take your baby. there just is no excuse for killing a child purely out of convenience. still, there does need to be some type of exception for both rape victims and in cases where the mother can die. in that case i don't think you can really give a black and white answer, and it comes down to the situation at hand. yeesh. awesome. it's like attending 2 good universities at the same time. now i have yet another reason to ignore my actual college courses. nobody is being fooled. nobody disputes that its value on the street far exceeds it true rarity. nobody disputes it, but almost nobody knows it either. if everyone knew how common natural diamonds were, demand would fall. just like the chimp who won't take good food as a reward when he sees that you've got better food to share. many people would feel cheated by the prices charged. uh, it was neither. the dude is saying he didn't understand. like the article, hate the headline. revolution in image galleries'? not exactly is there a turing test that can't be beaten by a program that bribes humans into giving it the answers that it needs to pass? assuming not, is it valid to say that a program passes the turing test because it's intelligent enough to bribe humans into doing its bidding? :) vinyl fetishist while i'm not up modding this article, i'm glad to have read it. i realize that the linked site has very little credibility, but if someone is making these sorts of allegations i want to know about it. interesting prediction. interesting proposition if you oppose abortion, it's presumably because you are of the opinion that abortion is murder. if it's murder, how can you possibly justify killing a human being just because his or her father committed a criminal act? what if that child were brought to term, was born, and developed into an adult. would it be okay to kill him at 30 years of age? if not, how can you advocate killing him in utero and still unhypocritical claim that a fetus is a human being? south dakota is too small, an they can't connect the rest of the dots because they don't see a problem with the government restricting women's control over their bodies in general. it's not the control of women's bodies we want, it's the control over the unborn child that we care about. in other words we don't think it's right that a women should be allowed to kill her unborn child. just like it's not right to kill a baby once it's born. i understand women. ask away. ouch. as much as i like to antagonize and disagree with you, you usually follow your own logic well. he caught you slipping before i could get there. unless, of course, the fetus that will eventually become a human being, is in possession of a life less valuable than that of other lives because it has one parent who committed a horrible crime. would jesus love him less? i wish reddit would check the link and then report on the mime type if it wasn't html or plain text. contents are slick wow. finally i understand. i know that. what does that have to do with my point? interesting analysis they got an answer without actually running the algorithm, what's confusing about that. oh, wait they got an answer without actually running the algorithm, what's confusing about that. oh, wait no wonder so many stupid patents get filed. try reading that patent without falling asleep. signs of becoming number one politician second thought about the money issue : a lot of money may not be really what you love, but a poor salary is certainly a great displeasure. now i guess you have to weight all this according to your own taste and feelings i take this opportunity to propose a 50 year moratorium on individuals and institutions publicly denouncing or demoralizing somebody in electronic and print medium. i request the authors and editors of all electronic and print media including the blogs to publicly endorse my proposal. diamonds aren't that commonly distributed. how many diamond mines are there in the world? what is common about them is that you can get masses from one mine. of which most are owned directly or indirectly by de beers. i guess reddit points reflect users reactions. summary: world of warcraft is unlike street fighter. expanded summary: since everyone knows that talent is more important than hard work and that it's better to tackle things on your own than work well with others, world of warcraft is lame. oh, and it's run by jerks. i knew i was in trouble when i saw the raph koster quote - not that i have anything against raph koster, but do you really need to cite an authority figure? i already assumed this was going to be an opinion piece, so let's have your opinion already. and it made it seem like he was endorsing the design of star wars: galaxies over wow, which is an equally tenuous argument. disclaimer: i don't play any mmorpgs, i just watch others who do. interesting stuff satisfying read, thank you! we all know debeers is distasteful. just correcting a common misconception that something has an intrinsic value - it doesn't. i think the asp style tags  have been deprecated in php5 ? good one very true i quite like it. only wish i could publish to another server via ftp. did i just overlook that feature? interesting analysis you can understand the nuances of universe with this priceless. unless some sane people get into the white house come next election season, civilization as we know it is endangered. true that's like, deep, man. very good one sjekk ut denne litt spesielle sysselen :-) love it! 3 phooning er jo ddskult. sjekk og www.phoons.no extra-ordinary analysis try reading any patent without tears marrying your vision. for starters: united states patent 5443036t abstract: a method for inducing cats to exercise consists of directing a beam of invisible light produced by a hand-held laser apparatus onto the floor or wall or other opaque surface in the vicinity of the cat, then moving the laser so as to cause the bright pattern of light to move in an irregular way fascinating to cats, and to any other animal with a chase instinct. he's like the unfortunate obsessive-compulsive disorder guy that stumbled into a puzzle store. you don't have to mod everyone, just the ones you have feelings on, and reddit will still be swell. enjoy it like you enjoy the traffic it's generating for your site. we don't. thank-you, what a wonderful song. wow, look at arena'. it's a proper raycaster. who needs wolf3d. good one. simple and straightforward way to write a resume finally! it's nice and friendly but i hope that's just the beginning, as i would like some more hosting space and site management by ftp. hitchens has repudiated his trotskyism. people change their minds in the course of a life, you know, although hitchens has just swung from one extreme to another. of course the title is important. if you post an essay joint authored by paul graham and joel spolsky, about lisp, reddit and how stupid george bush is, and post it under the title photos of my trip to delaware', people simply are not going to follow the link. so why would they vote it up. picking a title is advertising. you have to sell redditors your post, so that they click through. reminds me more of power point then ms word. but people love power point i like that they do all the layout with css. seems to be very difficult to remove a link. doesn't work in safari yet. but the screenshot does look good. hmm, i always had an opinion of lisp as an extensible language too! it's not willful misrepresentation, since the coercion exists on grounds that there is a perceived wrong taking place. a potential theft needs to be stopped, and so you have no rights to object. social bookmarking. great effort whether or not that's true, it's irrelevant to the current discussion -- the cartoon makes no such suggestion. but cutting spending on oil will still adversely affect the saudis, even if they get to keep supplying oil themselves. a reduce in demand for oil will still cause a drop in oil prices. you were right the first time. oil is fairly inelastic. if the price changes the rate of consumption doesn't change a lot. zimmerman's suggestion sounded very inspecific. what constitutes a 2 gas tax? 2 per gallon? per litre? per refill? :) or alternatively, fewer children instead of more children'? is it beta? god's behavior on this issue has been inconsistent these last years. are you implying that he is in cahoots with debeers? um do we need experts to tell us this? i think the googles whole idea is to suck more people to their site, i don't think they will allow uploading to outside servers. oh wow have to try that then! and all the men are going no comment pop ups suck! why does this guy get -7 points? i think that's an amazing comment. robert love was an editor for hunter thompson, his notes on the experience. maybe it is because companies don't really care about their employees in general. they do this with blogger.com. best example is the reddit blog. hmmmm, cynical much? lupin, i sure hope you're right, because patenting ajax would be crazy. personally i think the us patent office is out of control. patents on basic software innovations? patents on life forms? it's ridiculous. i think the beat is, as you say fairly simple, but the sound of it is unique. i know that several people have tried to replicate it, and definitely did not succeed. duh.just out of curiosity, do you agree with prostitution? i do, but i'm finding it difficult to spot where the distinction is. maybe it's due to the permanence of sterility compared with the temporary relief of cash. pretty smoking while i agree that my ideal mate is an extrovert, i don't agree that opposites always attract. i dated a girl who was my complete opposite on the myers-briggs personality indicator and while she was fun at times, and generally a sweet girl, she drove me crazy by the end of it. so for some traits, being with your opposite is ideal, but not all of them. real player files? noooo! c'mon mit, what's up with that? this guy apologizing to cheney seems to have historical parallels. imagine how hitler's or mussolini's minions would grovel at their feet to save being put in prison or before the firing squad. i'm sorry you shot me mr. cheney, it's ok, anytime you like, mr. cheney sir. excellent aim mr. cheney.the arguments this guy makes are ludicrous. people who enjoy the album experiences are still likely to purchase an entire album. however, his accusation that itunes makes music disposable is unbelievably hypocritical, when you consider that major record labels now focus almost completely on producing short-term disposable artists. is it any wonder that many consumers only buy singles on itunes when the recording industry has largely neglected the album experience for the last decade? the idea of comparing the output of the latest manufactured pop idol pablo picasso is hilarious: the artist went into the studio and created a body of work. if you were buying a painting from picasso, would you have said, look pablo. i like this painting man. but i only like that corner part with the tree and the guy's finger. how about you chop off that corner and i give you 1 instead of 10 for the painting? a more apt comparison would be: studio to artist: look picasso, you've produced two good paintings. however, your contract requires that you now paint ten more quick knock-offs to fill the walls of this gallery so that we can charge our customers more. producer of php classifieds. an innovative internet experiment to fill a living room with cash which aims to benefit the children's wish foundation. cleverly uses multiple revenue streams such as fan support, ad revenue, and other means to generate cash. also posts most amusing bills sent in for all to see. fun and entertaining idea for a good cause. yes, notice the betatag under the logo aye. i feel like i'm watching an episode of blackadder. if you actually read the patent, you can see that the author of this main article really did not read the patent. the patent itself mentions flash, java and other rich media. he has not been granted an article on rich-media. he basically wants to create flash content via a web system instead of using a flash builder on your own computer: here is a quote from the patent: rich-media productions are programmed and edited using powerful and complex tools designed for this purpose. such productions are a recent phenomenon to the internet and have only been made possible by the introduction of multimedia tools and technologies for the creation of high-production internet content. none of these multimedia tools and technologies, however, allows for the creation of rich-media applications via the internet. if you go to this website listed in the comment, you can see that the patent owner is just trying to create flash content via the web - not using software on your computer. so, this article is very inaccurate. stop the hype, demote this article. advert. ignore. that's pretty cool, although it's distracting that the seasons cycle in the space of a single day. hmm, they haven't seen my girlfriend. hang on she now reads reddit - delete delete! i don't have a problem with prostitution. how else is a woman going to support her kids, if she doesn't have a husband? this explains a lot. ok peter norvig posts there. i'm sold. is anyone still trying to argue that patents are necessary to induce people to innovate? they basically allow companies to sit on their laurels once they get a patent, instead of constantly competing to get ahead. being first to market is already incentive enough. there's nothing stopping inventors from working for companies just like programmers do. and can you imagine how much money gets wasted dealing with patents, which could be avoided if they didn't exist? come on, road trip and harold and kumar go to whitecastle were fine movies. decent tips though. really? i have been fooled my whole life. stop the patent system, promote this article. even if you are right it still isn't something worth a patent, nor is anything else software-related for that matter. isn't everything google does beta? isn't gmail still beta? hahaha awesome amen. good idea, closing down the company if it does nothing but filing patents would also be a good idea. after we send bush packing back to crawford, i say we kick texas out of the union. that way, the next time we get the itch to invade and steal the oil from some hot, dusty, third-world country crawling with religious zealots and ruled by a maniacal dictator, we won't have to fly halfway around the world to do it.google is now limiting the number of people who can sign up to use the service. you can enter your email address, and they will let you know when signups are open again. wow, a company uses advertising to sway people to buy something they don't need? fascinating concept! this article is lame and boring. s mye oppstyr rundt noe som er s vanskelig  finne! jeg satte meg fore  lete de framo g brukte over 40 minutter! og stedet jeg finner dem er en blog, ikke en seris avis, som man skulle tro hadde sett nyhetsverdien i  publisere stridens psttte kjerne uh, and this is news, how? it's a comic, not a position paper. you're supposed to laugh at it. sheesh. i think he may have been making a point related to copying. the whole point of this presentation was to show the downsides of intellectual property copyright laws. this presentation was originally recorded on vinyl, and the vinyl recording was used in order to create the video -- something that couldn't be legally done if there was a copyright on the vinyl. i thought it provided for an interesting effect. this would be a great feature since comments have become a central part of reddit. it can be added two ways. 1. using the voting system in comments. my only issue with this is that instead of qotw, it's more like highest scoring quote this week. 2. using the old fashioned newsgroup system, devise a way to count 1 qotw replies to comments. would be technically a lot harder, but would really be better since an excerpt of a reply could be voted as the quote of the week. oops, should have gone to a sub. bah. i couldn't even be bothered to finish the article. no boobies. haven't you heard? reading reddit is the new staying-in-and-watching-a-movie-together. work hard and the world respects you. work hard and you can have anything you want. work really extra super hard and do nothing else but work and ignore your family and spend 14 hours a day at the office and make 300 grand a year that you never have time to spend, sublimate your soul to the corporate machine and enjoy a profound drinking problem and sporadic impotence and a nice 8br mini-mansion you never spend any time in, and you and your shiny bmw 740i will get into heaven. someone's daddy didn't love him enough, apparently. this guy would be horrified if he laid his eyes on a traditional rpg or even a pen and paper rpg. level grinding was here long before wow or any other mmo was. nice i wonder if this will work? hrm. the author of this article is preaching to the converted. he's obviously trying to coax dedicated jobbers into taking the plunge and putting their personal happiness ahead of their careers. why bother? if somebody is willing to give up their day job to do what they really want,they're not going to decide to do it because of an article like this. similarly, i don't think this will ward off anybody who is about to start down the path of corporate serfdom. shouldn't it be ? det var det jeg trodde jeg ogs! yes. just try to scroll a large page and then tell me firefox is faster than opera. it's a joke, you genius. this guy is right, but he's missing blizzard's motivation: they're paid on a monthly subscription basis for wow. if you don't really get sucked into the community aspect, you are more likely to stop subscribing at some point sooner than you would otherwise. they need to make it easy to play with or around others, and hard to play against just the computer. i hope they don't do this to diablo iii. i love my pirated monty python collection :) nice compilation for the zen enthusiast i had already had this sent to me by a viet mag. the lyrics are awkward this is good, but long. and the material has been covered in other, better, articles. this writer needs to read some of the how to writelinks. he may make some good points for all i know, but the writing is too hard to penetrate to find out. what is the sound of one story hidden? then after learning the multitude of languages and apis, writing dozens of code libraries, and burning out from 3 or 4 projects, the 10 years in the industry is either enough or you find yourself refusing to write in any other language but ansi-c. for my convenience, i'd like to off people like you who think it's ok to exterminate a certain class of humans because they are a nuisance. this option should be available to me without state interference, because i don't really want to go to jail for murdering you at my leisure. see how your logic works out? great, isn't it? i like 6360693 too. a stick to play fetch with. it can - crazy scientists these days - even be made of wood, if you so choose. it's not them, it's the bulk of patents. the patent office only checks spelling, not prior technology, and leaves problems to be solved when things are challenged - and i believe most things that are challenged are indeed revoked. but yes, patents are archaic things this day and age. there should be no exception for rape victims, because it does not make sense to justify another crime to repair the crime which has already been done and is irreversible. for situations where the mother's health is in danger, the only legally permissible action should be for the doctor to relocate the developing child to some place either inside the mother's body or outside the mother's body where it can continue its development with a reduced health impact to the mother. and this should only be allowed when it is conclusive that mother would die if the child's development were not interfered with. i understand that this usually results in the death of the child, as we have no real means to guarantee that a child can develop outside of a mother's body or even if it is to be relocated to another part of the mother's body. however, we are talking about a tough decision where a doctor is usually deciding between one death and two deaths. and, the child's death is an unintended double effect of the action to save the mother's life. this is garbage. they try to sell a book on internet security. it's like having an adware that sells anti-adware protection :) not on the newpage tho, it is helpful to see all submissions even if you don't like the submitter so you can help make sure they don't make it to the front page i don't speak french, but i enjoyed this site. pictures are multilingual. 149.1 for me. reminds me of the stance the university here has taken. download linux from torrents. get kicked off the network. do it a few times, be suspended from the network and have further disciplinary actions taken against you. nothing, nothing you can do about it either. clearly i need to start talking about python to more guys. who knew it was such a turn-on? good thing it's used for bioinformatics so i have an excuse to bring it up. if you don't want your password to be pwned worth a look bu arada bi arkada blogumda yorum yazm; neden trke reddit'de reklam var da orjinalinde yok diye.. olayn sorumluluu bana ait deil; ben de bilmiyorum neden; kendilerine sorun isterseniz diyorum ve sorumluluu zerimden atyorum. partner, distribtr falan deilim yani; sadece trke'de olsun dedim. it would be nice to be able to have different preferences for each subreddit. for instance on the subreddits subreddit i'd like to be able to use don't show sites after i've disliked them but i don't want that on the main reddit.com page or any other subreddit. i worked an office job, hated it, and decide to make a change. now i'm an archaeologist despite the fact that everyone said i was crazy and would never get a job. it wasn't hard. as long as you dedicate yourself to something and really try without being afraid to fail, it'll usually work out, and if it doesn't at least you can say you made the effort. as for the healthcare problem i live in canada. see how your logic works out? no. that's a problem with the user-agent, not with the spec. there's nothing insecure about css itself. javascript, on the other hand a great game, really addictive! the us can't do anything militarily against scandinavia, but it remains to be seen whether they can threaten with economic retaliation of some kind. if not, then this would make an attack on iran even more pointless. don't worry, working hard because you feel it's right happens sometimes. while it's a moderately serious affliction while it lasts, it'll wear off with time, no doubt about it. this happened two weeks ago. there's plenty insecure with css. if any form elements are allowed, it could be used to easily place a realistic looking fake login on a page that sends your passwords straight to the attacker. in fact, css is usually a key ingredient in cross-site-scripting attacks. test your mental auditory processing speed with a demo of this peer reviewed software from posit science. lower is better. i hit the 25ms level which is far faster than the normal range for all ages. what can other reddit users score? i am pretty tired of this article being recycled over and over and over. it's been proven wrong by experts in the field many times. it's ridiculous, filled with half truths, and speaks of inefficiencies that are hard to fathom. that's freaking amazing. almost as inspirational as the man himself. my screen is a good deal larger than 18x18. i sort of don't see the point. i found myself starting to enjoy the game a bit, then just getting annoyed that it was so hard to see. :x i guarantee he wouldn't get it. this is a cop-out used by people who don't understand programming languages and their different features to avoid the problem of language design completely. some languages are better than others. you must, must, must agree that no one should ever code in brainfuck for anything that's going to be useful to anyone. this is an existence theorem for a language being bad. it is bad to use brainfuck because brainfuck lacks major features that are needed to aid linguistic abstraction. this is why no one uses it; literally everyone who knows how to program has used a language more powerful than brainfuck, and so they look at brainfuck and say how could you ever get anything done? you don't have feature.where feature is usually named variables or something like that. there is no reason whatsoever that this argument does not apply to other more widely used languages, and the fact that slashdot commenters say insipidly, to wide modding-up, i use the right tool for the right job,is irrelevant. some languages are bad, and some are good. acknowledging this is the first step to lessening the degree of incredible mediocrity that pervades the software industry today. create and ship quality software that makes millions of users happy. paul graham = amazing = wearing that shirt i thought it was select start am i wrong or did i mistakenly hit that select key on contra for years? yes you are right. they might not have the technology to convert latex to html. no wait, they are releasing a beta version of latex2html google edition. that's for 2 player, good memory though. even better memory knowing the difference. well done. i thought ulysses s. grant was dead lies! this has nothing to do with world of warcraft! i want my click back. let's publish a paper on this! if it's murder, how can you possibly justify killing a human being just because his or her father committed a criminal act? some women literally cannot bring a child to term when they are rape victims. it just totally screwed them up emotionally and psychologically. i'm not saying that it's necessarily the right thing to do, but i do believe in that situation it should be a choice of the mother, because she did not take the actions that led to her current situation. it was not her fault. it's not something done just out of convenience. what if that child were brought to term, was born, and developed into an adult. would it be okay to kill him at 30 years of age? if not, how can you advocate killing him in utero and still unhypocritical claim that a fetus is a human being? like i said, it depends on if the woman is emotionally stable enough to even bring the child to term. not all can when it comes to rape. rape is a pretty horrible act. i mean, i don't have first-hand experience, but rape involves one human being absolutely violating one another in the most disgraceful way possible. rape can mess people up - and for some women, carrying the baby of the man who raped her can really hurt them. evil, evil people yep, way off topic. you do understand sarcasm. i find the phrase purely out of convenience outrageous and insulting. i take it you're a guy and not a parent. the responsibility of properly raising a child is enormous, and the fear of being a crappy parent can be overwhelming -- even if you are married, have a job and a house, and such. it's easy to reach the conclusion that an abortion is better than dooming a kid to a life with crappy parents. if you can't raise the child you shouldn't be doing things that by nature lead to having children. this is a pretty crappy example, but it is one nonetheless: if i'm out joyriding and i slam into someone's car, i'm not going to force someone else to pay for what i did. i take responsibility for the actions i took that led to such consequences. abortion for convenience - and that's exactly what many abortions are about, are a result of people wanting to avoid consequences. cause and effect. you don't want the effect, don't mess with the cause. i think the author needs to practice what they preach, specifically regarding irrelevant details and coming across as arrogant. just look at the education section with the details regarding being 18 when they achieved their bachelors, and their 3.9 gpa toward their masters while working full time at microsoft. that's what is written on the girl's resume. funny, i don't recall saying there was anything wrong with the spec. there was a time between netscape being a viable browser and mozilla becoming one where you had to switch away from netscape. you reason that it's not the state's place to regulate abortions because it's grounded in a religious principle.. well that is just silly. it's like saying that since one of the 10 commandments is thou shalt not kill then the government shouldn't have laws against murder. yeah, but that's genuinely impressive. that's right, i always played it with both controllers because, well, i sucked at contra and needed the extra lives. always wondered why my muscle memory never corresponded to the key sequence everyone posted. congrats, you found an html-injection exploit. i suppose there are a few points that don't quite hold water, but most of them do. the funny thing is, after we removed the images, it looks more like what reddit would actually look like-- all text. sounds like a hassle. a misspelled title isn't the end of the world. having the ability for the original poster to change it would be nice, but really, you can pretty much always get the gist of it from the incorrect title, so it's not a big deal. it would probably be easier to do what my university does and do some packet hocus-pocus to make bittorrent horribly slow. the rulers of china once ordered the navy disbanded. now they are clamping down on talking pigs. both decisions were looney toons. well, that's a debate of a different sort. i'd just as soon see the government not allow abort on demand,but i try to take a realistic perspective which accounts for the opinions of those that don't share my faith. murder is widely acknowledged even by atheists to be at the very least an inconvenience to the victims for abortion there's a significant divide between the rights-of-woman vs. rights-of-baby camps. i mean, hey, i'm not sure divorce-on-demand is the greatest thing either, but how far will it get me to go tooting that horn? i thought those of us who quit our jobs to become entrepreneurs were supposed to be working harder than everyone else. i guess i must have gotten it mixed up somewhere. would you please link to these better articles? i loved the proved p = npcomment. but i love watching tv! a bunch of college it folks get all mouth foamy over students using their own wifi devices. it seems like you basically have to go to an engineering school if you want to have a halfway competent it. upenn's infotech people were rather adamant about protecting students abilities to experiment with whatever they wanted on the internet and having privacy when they did so. at least from 1998-2002. if they did traffic shaping it was in order to improve service. kinda cool how reddit.com is turning into debateit.com :) feb. 1982 -- probably over half the reddit users were not yet born. you can't apply the same logic even further back in the chain of events, because the objects you mention aren't even the same things. an unborn child has all the same genetic material as a born child, even at cell 1. not so with sperms and eggs. wow, even i have to rate myself down on that one. dear reddit, i never imagined i would be writing a letter like this way entire countries for generations. it's the scale of the operation that is impressive. something dr. evil could do. next time, link the actual study and spare us your blog. it's not like it added anything of substance. i like how the intimate shaving is described in engineering style details with measures and shape. since i hadn't yet ided you as an objectivist, no i guess not. astronomers have detected a new type of cosmic outburst that they can't yet explain. the cosmic outburst was spotted by nasa's swift telescope and is also being monitored by other telescopes around the world. there's a straightforward reason why the response has been muted: holocaust denial is against the law in austria. it's a really stupid law, but that's a separate issue. this guy knew the law and broke it, he got punished. that's how the world works. in fact, if he did deny the holocaust as an act of civil disobedience that would be a great idea. doesn't look like it. that's just depressing. i don't have a problem with legalizing prostitution. i have a problem with him suggesting that there are no other ways for a single woman to provide for her children. the biggest culprit is the technology that was supposed to make work quicker and easier, experts say. well if we were happy to only be as productive as in the 1960s it would have made our work quicker and easier. i shudder to think what that flash will do full screen. not too efficient software rendering backed by what probably isn't an ideal 3d engine? heck, some ads already noticeably slow things down everything in this article is blindingly obvious. excellent writing thanks for clearing that up. obviously, someone at wasabi believes there's no such thing as bad press. ? with all due respect, why have you drawn the line at birth? it seems a bit arbitrary to me to grant rights to a child based on their physical location - inside the womb or out. who's voting for this? you hit the nail on the head there. i've pass up so many movies that were probably good because all i had were the description on the box. that was one of my main motivations for getting netflix, and now i rent a lot of older or independant movies and am enjoying myself a lot more. ah so we've descended to the level of comparing newly-formed, embryonic children to cancer. ah so have you stopped beating your wife yet? dickhead. i must say lol haven't seen a better cartoon that explains it better it takes all factors into iron just a few cartoon pictures . pure art !! old old news here we are agreeing again, what a shock! a parent has no duty to provide their child with their own kidneys, even if the child needs one. but surely the duty to provide food and shelter for their children is within those giant obvious limits? and isn't that basically what a woman is doing for the child in her womb? i'm all for the law allowing parents to give up their children for adoption if they are unable to fulfill their duties, and i'm for the same tolerance for women in unwanted pregnancies. they sure could use some modern web technology on their website. maybe that would keep it from sucking. i'm sorry. that seemed like a rather straightforward reading of your rhetorical question. anyway, when i said i don't have a problem with legalizing prostitution i assumed that it was also understood that i don't have a problem with prostitutes. well, i hear that harold kumar had a kristen bell cameo in the end credits. might have to rent it sometime just for that. :) lame, lame title but ok blog entry. a lot of what we have talked about has gone around the point of whether the fetus is alive or not. it seems very hard to convince a person to change their viewpoint on this, because it depends a lot on their belief system. what do people feel about the other participant in an abortion. does the woman have rights over her own body? is it even her body? who is more important, the baby or the woman? will they bring back melrose place? what separates my argument from yours and sheridan's is this: what i call an embryonic child, even one without a nervous system, has one particular quality that all the sperms, eggs, tumors, and thumbs in the world do not: if allowed to develop in their natural environment, they will become recognizable humans. agreed; i guess the guy's never heard of coltrane. i do advocate the same level of tolerance. when the unborn child develops enough so that it can be safely removed from the mother's womb for adoption, the law should allow it. no. you advocate the same quality of life for the child. one parent you would require to purchase groceries and diapers for a month, the other parent you would require to bear a child. those are two entirely different requirements. two entirely different tolerances. please stop ignoring my point. i believe that for the same reason we must not coerce parents to supply, for example, their kidney to their child, we must also not coerce mothers to bear children when they do not wish to. do you understand my analogy? why is it invalid? horrible interface. this could so be reworked beautifully with ajax and possibly flash. any designers interested in a side project? and most of the movies that he said were hard to rent for lame reasons were also lame movies. movie-box designers and movie viewers have worked out a rather efficient form of communication. i know i don't want to watch seabiscuit. woo. even hotel rwanda, which was a fantastic movie, is obviously not everyone's cup of tea. but i think putting rwanda in the title might have been the more significant indicator than every indie award it could have collected. there are a number of issues i have with this comment that i will ignore. however, in this case, because a woman's body is naturally designed to nourish a newly-conceived child to birth, she is required to do so. this does not follow. you will have to do much, much better. corporate amerikkka off topic, but does anybody ever use labels like that? i've only ever seen it used to make fun of people by putting words in their mouth. is this a hoax ? i cannot believe that such revolutionary and important advancement in science would be covered only on 1 weird website. nearly information-free article, sadly. awesome essay. something to come back to from time to time to get some inspiration. i did some work this evening to make separating subreddits by language easier. there isn't a noticeable difference at this point, but we're getting there. i believe this distinction is important for wellbeing of everyone. this will give new users and admins how linux boot process will work mainly debian linux boot process the real price of anything is only the value that you and i place on it. if, for instance, you valued the look of the dollar coin above the paper bill, in theory, without a a law attached, you would be able to buy more with it so long as the person agreed that the dollar coin was indeed more valuable. it is only with a combination of law and general public acceptance that we value both as one and the same. it's not so with the diamond industry and i have to say that de beers with the help of their marketing company could sell a ketchup popsicle to a lady with white gloves.unbelievable. i'm giving this article to every woman i date. it's time to educate the public. this is really old, but i think it's the onion's best ever story. and the terrible intro music with liberal use of reverb is quite fitting. also, don't miss any of the other stuff on this site, one of the other thrilling not-to-miss videos: pen spinning! i use linux myself and i often end up staring confusedly at it, so it's understandable ;) :-p and you think the italian way of life is awful too? say these prof's are not taking a stand against animal rights anymore than the pro-choice contingent are taking a stand against pregnancy. vivisection and animal rights aren't mutually exclusive, in that laboratories have to adhere to codes of conduct and animal welfare legislation. personally i wish these anti-viv guys would go protest at something more abhorrent like intensive pig farming, and let the scientist get on with the important working of improving humanities lot. hehehe ok :) i think there is a big difference what your goals are when animal testing. if you are trying to cure cancer it is infinitely more justified than if you try to create the color of the year for a new lipstick. daha nce grdnn senaryosu birazdaha gelimi ti ama :) beni etkilemeyen biey yapt sonunda google :)) good points. i think animal testing of cosmetics is a red herring, nobody promotes it, and cosmetics companies know their brand is in trouble if they're caught doing it. the spectre of cosmetics testing as an excuse to support anti-vivisection groups is turning a blind eye to what these groups really target. in fact i'm burning my holidays. but i can't help it, i like the little alien from the future. a simple and already effective improvement would be to remove the blink tag. look, i love animals, but they're animals, they're not people. if we can responsibly use animals for the betterment of mankind, we should. in general i think your conclusions are right, but one thing i do like about the arrows for training relevancy is i have to make a conscious choice about making something relevant, and i get the opportunity to deselect later if i wish. you could say that letting the preference filter show you what you've really indicated you like is better than manually telling it what you think you like. but personally i like the option of reading many entries and only voting on a few. i have a feeling that if click-throughs were used in this fashions, many people's recommended queues would quickly become overly self reinforcing. i like your idea and it's quite well thought out. however i recommend that as well as clicking a link, voting should also train the filter. c'est moi ou le site est en anglais ? hysterical. then re-read the comment you replied to. no other way i can help you. comments with sub-comments should not be deletable. editable, to be sure. but not deletable. that's what lazy and stupid people always say when they are embarrassed by the time and attention that someone else has put into a constructive project. since when is it being generous to give all of your money away in your will? can we get a link to the original source docs? eg the notes so what do you do? well, i work at microsoft, and have a 3.9 gpa towards my masters! prick. to be sure, that'd sound insecure, even ridiculous in any real-life situation. but it's a resume, so here that simply isn't the case. aww, peggy. your kinder, gentler america isn't turning out like you planned? i helped set up a police state and now the police are rude and stupid! call the frickin wambulance. i've travelled by air about once a month for the past two years. i have, in that time, never encountered anything like she's commenting on. i treat the security guards like people and with respect and they do the same for me. of course, i travel exclusively on the west coast maybe it's an eastern us thing. ok fair enough, i see you are just trying to contribute to the reddit community. well, bush has got a whole lot of americans convinced that there was a connection. i wonder if anyone from peta reads reddit? it would be very interesting to hear from their point of view. that was lazy wasn't it? i'll try to do better in the future. thanks buddy! i can't remember the last time i read such illiterate, inane bullshit. the entire article is absolute drivel from beginning to end. a more expensive jacket will always be a better fit', huh? ? if you won't accept my point because of some imaginary place it could lead, then you have given up on your own argument. i call that subjective and arbitrary because the developing child is, objectively, little changed from five minutes before the arrival at that point. i don't see how that makes it arbitrary. this whole business of declaring when a child is actually a fully qualified human disquietingly lends to the idea of, quick, kill it before it becomes sentient! ok. that isn't disquieting. you might like to make it sound bad, but it isn't, and it doesn't disprove the point. deleting in protest of reddit's new anti-user admin policies. yes. you failed to rebut any of his points, and took a swipe instead. that was lazy, and turning a non-thought into a comment makes you look somewhat stupid. why bother doing so? have reddit users sign up to have their digg feeds turn into reddit submissions or upvotes, so you get more of the existing data without making people have to vote on everything twice. as an indian who gets 3 calls every day from various agents from india wanting to give me a credit card or a personal loan, i can say that i feel hostile and it has nothing to do with job losses or racism. the stories in the article seem to be about outbound sales calls, not customer service calls, and i suspect the customers are feeling the same hostility. converting the prices you go from about 6.50 per watt peak, to 1.63, so the solar panel cost drops from 326 to 81, which is much more reasonable, so much more likely to be used. though you still need to look at the cost of, and impact of the batteries needed to run everything at night. summary: the skype system uses string encryption. this makes it difficult for law enforcement to tap phone lines. my opinion: privacy is a right. honest people use encryption. we should not encourage a police state. it's nothing more than an introduction to adwords. no content here. waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! not again! please stop it! we have seen it! thanks! peta does give money to cover the court costs of alf members. the two organizations aren't as distinct as you claim. also peta's official policy is to be pro-choice when it comes to violence. dere m da vre fantastisk drlige til  lete? har ikke tall p antall blogger jeg har sett disse bildene p. et enkelt technorati sk burde gjre susen. in the last eight months, i've traveled to st. louis, portland, london, chicago, and geneva, and i haven't encountered anything like the horrors described in the article. the screening practices may be useless theater, but i haven't found them to be offensive or invasive. my wife, infant daughter, and i regularly get through security in fifteen to thirty minutes. the worst airport experiences i've ever had were in 2002 in paris, lisbon, and barcelona. then again, replies often quote the parents comments. if the parent poster suddenly realizes that he totally misunderstood the topic or his comment was otherwise detracting from everything else then it is good for him to be able to kill the thread. this is important since reddit does no hiding of lowly ranked comments. eine grundsatzdiskussion sollte man doch vor der wahl machen und nicht ein halbes jahr danach. indeed. millions of years of breeding have engendered in my very dna the proclivity to see thongs. i find her portrayal of american security checks in airports very similar to my experiences. however, if you've flown and had these experiences, then why bother writing an article about it? either people already know this stuff, or they haven't had your experiences, or they don't fly, so they won't likely care. pointless article. it's okay, but i'd probably like it more if the before and afters were all associated with the right pictures. now we're onto something.. a new reddit that's linked to your paypal account. bear with me: each link represents a verified startup. the link points to a page that summarizes the projects their working on. whenever you click on a link it donates 1 to them. ok, i haven't figured out how the end user gets profit back, except that the startup will get a list of donators.. alright scratch that. let's say that the companies above are instead teams that work on open source software. the end user gets the benefit of using the great stuff they are able to work on more due to donations. doesn't everyone think that a nice, simple, centralized donation system like this is just what the oss community neads? politics news kills tech sites. have reddit readers never seen images retouched before? this stuff seems pretty standard to me. deleting in protest of reddit's new anti-user admin policies. making people not die. i don't understand how someone can fall twice and medal. on a side note, the founder of folders richard lusk answers the issues i raise in the entry. oui pour le moment, le site est seulement en anglais. what separates us from animals. because it couldn't possibly be you that ends up being experimented on? if that is the case, lets start testing on humans that couldn't possibly end up being you. why do people hold the moral ground in this regard? because it could save your life right? i think human testing would be far more likely to save your life. it isn't withdrawn. i just created one. you find it amazing that magazine models are magazine-type beautiful? thongs are hot because they're barely even there not to mention that the top orange is warped. perhaps someone who has flown on el al can comment on what effective airport security is like. my guess is that it sucks at least as much as what we're putting up with here in the u.s. and probably more. mac users may not like this one, but it is a serious flaw that does expose mac users to malicious code. i wouldn't call mac users the most sophisticated users, i would call them falsely secure in their os. mac's can't get infected is a fallacy that will prove devastating. macs are more secure than windows may be true on most accounts, but it is now demonstrated that mac users are vulnerable to the same group of problems that windows users have suffered for well over a decade. could not agree more. you hit the nail right on the head. it seems like i see an article like this on slashdot or some similar site once every 6 months. i'll believe it when i can buy it. i shudder to think that some women are comparing themselves to these photos. anyone who sees images like this compares themselves to it on some level, men and women alike. we can't see this as just a women's issue, sadly. so where do you see that on the webpage? i couldn't find anything beyond the name of the consumable products. armpits. i'm amazed at how much armpit editing goes on. that and the body reductions. the cowgirl on the second page loses lots of backside. deleting in protest of reddit's new anti-user admin policies. uh, yes. apparently only very few of them are so. i'll never let someone take my picture again. women less likely to have threesomes with men who objectify bisexuals, study reports. their gallery is buggy, but you can work it out. switch between images a few times and it seems to sort itself. the arbitrary nature of the factions is weak sauce. it is much cooler to allow real conflict and factions to develop based on the player market'. the original concept of uo is still the best model for a mmo that has been put out. i'd lose faith too if i were to read this so called bible'. i've heard of a bible but what the heck is a bible? your definition is significantly different from tss definition - almost anything can be argued as changing for the better'. that is why i asked the question. worst page ever? i just see a headline with a button to disable an ad. but it doesn't work. and the link continue to doesn't work either. no, really, what separates the pain a human feels from that of what an animal feels? what is the difference? why do you feel for the pain of one over the other? don't they respond to the drugs and pain the same way we do, isn't that why we use them for experiments? agreed, i would definitely say this is not safe for work -- especially that vag-eye-na. i don't think clicking is a good way to train the filter. i often click something out of curiosity on the newpage but then see on the full page that it really doesn't interest me. one sentence isn't really enough to see whether something is interesting, it works especially bad for intentional spam. heh. one more thing to make me go blind. the panels are able to generate enough energy to run stoves, geysers, lights, tvs, fridges, computers - in short all the mod-cons of the modern house. i agree, every modern home needs a geyser. yours used a colon in the title. his used a hyphen. there's your problem. a lot of the people look better before the editing. perhaps i'm in the minority. pretty cool, i changed the text to e=mc hammer the fact that you can do something doesn't mean that you should. semi transparent windows look cool, but they're a huge pain to actually use. having windows act like a cross between jello and rubber when you drag them around makes interacting with them harder because you don't instantly see where they're going to end up. it's a cool demo, but i'd turn these features off on a system i actually wanted to use. that dunk was truly awesome.. thank you. the thong accentuates those features that millions of years of breeding have taught you to appreciate. explaining having a fetish for the thong itself i'll leave to the freudists. old news why should we value human life more than chimp life? hah i thought you were going to say it would feature programmers' tools why not test on people? if testing on people is not acceptable, why should animal testing? was zur holle? i use the save sometimes for articles i haven't read but don't want to miss when i have the time. also, i dont always save the best articles. i only save ones i want to come back to at some point those who would sacrifice liberty for security deserve neither ahhhhhhhhhh care to explain? this just in! water is wet! i haven't flown el al, but i did fly lufthansa out of tel aviv a couple of years back, so i have some experience with israeli airport security. it didn't suck as much as what we have here, and that's for a couple of reasons. first, they have more experience with it. but primarily it was because israeli airport security concentrates on what actually makes a difference, and not on what makes a big show. for example, our checked baggage was depressurized before the flight, to make sure that it didn't contain pressure-fused bombs. this isn't a big, obvious thing, but it is a lot more useful than making everyone take off their shoes which we didn't have to do. not that there wasn't plenty of security theater too; you can't go into a public building like a shopping center without a guard peering casually into your briefcase first. my third eye electronic dragonfly spiral observer can record your words and your lies and approach you and have my dogs come and ghost you -rza fast shadow lamb-sutton go-kart track this is features.reddit.com, for suggesting features that should be added to reddit. you probably want the main reddit page. shouldn't this be left to the bloggers or the blogging software? i think i've seen it done before. so what is virtualization service architecture? well something that will be the norm tomorrow. but seriously it is the architecture that we will use in the coming years when talking about starting with our company. the idea will be to start running your services almost right away and they could be physically located real far far away! granted a lot of that video comes off as being cool', and the music doesn't help that impression. but i can see the possibilities, especially when the user is navigating through images and resizing windows. it looks quicker, and more accurate. you effectively have multiple mouse pointers which are your fingers, so can communicate more to a computer than with a traditional one mouse situation, like touch screens and tablet pcs. we already communicate our intentions with gestures of our hands and fingers anyway, so it's not the gestures that are new in this video. but the gestures in this video doesn't go through a proxy of hardware. i think i could work much quicker with an interface like that. this site and these authors are great, if you like historical fiction. they are masters of the art. check out the site. they also have blogs and you can sign up on their blog list. it is awesome! too specialised. this will be over within a year. all my recommendations are negative too. so be aware that the pro-abortion crowd does include those who are willing to terminate infant life, even if it is legally so defined. yes, and the pro-life crowd includes those who are willing to terminate doctor's lives, if they are willing to perform abortions. i don't see how pointing to the more radical ideas of others contributes to your debate with sheridan. pretty neat. looks like they were inspired by minority report amongst others. i think graphic designers and globetrotters would like it, but doesn't seem too useful for regular software development, writing a term paper, etc. i'd rather like to see a device that can automagically transmit thoughts in the brain to the screen in an intelligent manner. now that would be cool! your first mistake was assuming any of this was going to make any sense at all. just enjoy the karma you get. or not. i fully agree with you. the one thing that makes me use reddit is its simplicity. no more, no less. anything else would be just a bad move. but that's just my opinion. i'm with you on that one. you don't notice how artificial they actually look until you can compare the original. devout or atheism, a very interesting conversation is it just me or is the audio volume on the 4a and 4b lectures really jumpy? it keeps going from low to high every 2-3 seconds. nice set of useful linux tips. some for beginners, some more advanced. i'm more concerned about when cows fear the media. what diabolical plot have our bovine brethren unearthed in their innocent cud-chewing? a good friend of mine from the state believes they don't, and wishes it had been put to a vote it's been in the news for a while. the house and senate had both approved the bill, but today it went back to the house for reconfirmation is all. no surprise here, they voted it through. gov. rounds needs to sign off on it now, but it's very much expected that he will. 1. i'm also sick of it kind of surprised the article didn't mention this: isn't the plan probably to sell the company to someone? keep the burn rate low, get a bunch of users, and sell it when it gets popular. right? traffic limiting p2p i can sort of imagine - it's not like updates and distros make up an even noticeable portion. but why kill voip, either by specific service or at all? why can isps decide too many people are doing something legal and deny that service? and isn't it false advertising to give people upstream and then say yeah, but we don't want you to use more than perhaps a quarter of it?don't misunderestimate the bush administration actually, you are advocating torture. those fuzzy bunnies will suffer extreme pain in some cases. you just feel the torture could result in an increase in the quality of human life; therefore, in your eyes, it is worth performing. i no longer can comfortably say that i value human life more than animal life. i also can no longer comfortably say that animals are a resource for human beings to use. because we are speciesist. we are speciesist because we cannot otherwise survive. are there any other encyclopedias you'd like to have condensed into bumper-sticker format in a hurry? the former - it is a very difficult question to answer when you consider that animals feel pain like we do. my brother just finished his phd in chemistry and is now working in the pharm. industry. just the other day he told me how some of his compounds were promoted to dog testing and that a few of the dogs died. it bothered both of us - especially since we both have dogs that we consider part of the family. excuse me, why on earth do we think animal rights activists are the bad guys? i understand some groups are militant, but i'm not sure why the rest of the world should align ourselves together against the very people who spend their lives trying to make it better for those with no voice. i hope everyone who made a comment here seriously checks every bottle of shampoo, moisturiser, lipstick, hairspray, sunscreen, foundation, toothpaste etc etc for the explicit not tested on animals statement. you are very wrong to think cosmetics companies are irrelevant. procter and gamble, johnson and johnson and all the big names test frequently on animals. i have asked them myself, the reason you may be misguided on this is that the law does not ask them to label their products. propaganda against environmentalists, animal rights organisations and anyone who gives a hoot about the world is pumped out so people feel good about bashing down those trying to help. maybe instead of raving on about how activists are the biggest threat to the world, the guy in the article may have told us some of the information about animal testing that universities and other major organisations try so hard to hide. then at least we can make an informed choice instead of voicing our ill-informed support of things we know nothing about. i just don't understand how the companies can be so damned greedy. countries like japan and south korea have connections 10 times as fast as ours. it's not expensive to provide bandwidth anymore. why are we being held up so much? his articles raise some interesting topics, but i tend to take what he says with a fairly large grain of salt. i first read about avvenu on russell beatties blog a couple of months ago. in his blog entry, russell looks at orb, soonr and avvenu for remote-access services and ends up selecting avvenu. read his blog for more details on how he ends up picking avvenu, which he describes as the easiest, simplest, yet most useful of all the services. since ive had mixed results with a combination of remote-desktop, vnc, cvs and other solutions, i decided to give avvenu a shot. a computer program is intelligent to the degree that it's programmer was intelligent. a computer is simply a tool. just like paper and pencil are tools. if the circuit was designed using paper and pencil, would you call the design unintelligent, because a paper and pencil are insentient? of course not. :) perhaps all intelligent, guided processes can be thought of as methods to increase the probability of a desired result. a great example of this is cheating at a casino. casino games are designed to make money for the casino over time by giving the house an advantage in the odds. whenever someone consistently wins over the house, even if these winnings are are relatively small and well distributed, casino security is suspicious. it's just too unlikely that someone's lucky streak can consistently defy the laws of statistics. the more likely explanation is that the winner is using some purposeful, intelligent method to shift the odds in his favor, even by a few percentage points. enough to give her the statistical edge. as i understand it, nature is like a casino, constantly increasing its entropy. constantly breaking things down. the only way to beat the house is to cheat by using an intelligent, guided process. engineers obviously do this for a living, but everyone does this. everytime you clean your desk, take a shower, or do any of the many little things you do to keep yourself and surroundings in good working order you are cheating mature, putting off the disorder that comes naturally. nature is not a friendly force helping everything evolve. it is the enemy, a destructive force slowly and relentlessly destroying everything. it doesn't even have the creative force to keep your room clean; much less cause a dirty puddle to evolve into the diversity of life we see around us. what would happen if an american published one of these writers on their freely available blog? if they got arrested it would make a huge ruckus all over the media, because, you know, blog. and free speech online. the problem of photoshopping in magazines is overhyped. if you believe body-image problems stem from impossible ideals created in photoshop, watch tv and music videos instead of reading magazines - no photoshopping of models is taking place, but somehow i doubt that solves anything, at least with a magazine you can tell yourself it isn't real. on a slightly unrelated note, an advantage with photoshopping still images is anybody can get this done, you don't have to be a magazine model. the space could go one character sooner, too. how many meanings does dirty have, anyway? as far as i can see we're all off track. making abortion illegal does in no way stop abortion, it just increases the chances of the mother dying too through unsafe abortions. basically making abortion illegal achieves nothing but more pain and deaths, regardless of any morals. you can't imagine a company maximizing their profit, by limiting the quality of their service to lower cost since there isn't any real competition, because they have the advantage of being a natural monopoly? i guess i won't feel so bad the next time i mess up my tax return. it's a very different supreme court we have now than in 1971. this article explains a workaround for getting quicken to work with banks that don't support macintosh importing awesome nice, like how they're looking backwards while they're walking forwards :) of course, it's for testing the machine. how could you trust a scanning machine without testing it with anything? and the kind of quality difference you get from the pros is like night and day. fine feature definition, dual layer, plated vias, silk screened insulation and labels yeah. don't even think about doing your own boards for digital electronics. i'm not really sure what your point is is it that photoshop itself doesn't cause the problem? well, of course it doesn't. even without photoshop, we're already seeing a far greater percentage of beautiful people than is realistic, through music videos, tv, etc. i don't think anyone's saying it's only an issue because of photoshop. it's how we use it-- to intensify the unreality of the beautiful people we're already seeing in the media. also, judging from the popularity of this link, i would guess that it's not so easy for people to tell when it's real. otherwise, why would we be so fascinated by a site that exposes the photoshopping? tell us more. that's very cool, but why on earth wasn't he in the whole game?? why do i get the feeling that there's gonna be another tech bubble? better title would be the patent system turns rational companies into jerks. blaming companies for acting in their own self-interests is useless. as long as the government enforces patent monopolies, they will be used to stifle innovation. haha, i'm on the interwebs!!11!!!11!! and if you spell it correctly suddenly all the bs in the bible makes sense? so totally awesome. excellent feel-good journalism. another excellent essay. i have an issue with one of the foot notes, however. when you comment on peoples beliefs of how things are being clouded by the way they wish things were, and that religion is the best index of that, i have to disagree. my experience with the best examples of people of faith is that their faith is often confirmed by experience. having personally witnessed what some people call miracles, i find it hard to deny the existence of something beyond the full reduction of science, but i often wish that it was not so. something outside myself also places bounds on my personal freedom, although it can give some of the guidance you write about. i'd guess that even you'd have to admit that they way you wish things were has a strong impact on the way things will be, and so it may not be as black and white as your footnote makes it out to be. don't poo poo touchscreens. they're gonna be big way bigger than the mouse. this multi-input touchscreen technology will be really important, not just for cool programs but for everyday stuff like web browsing and word processing. hands mouse but isn't that the point? shouldn't we be working on hard stuff? time to fire up the ruby doesn't work on firefox? works for me that's kinda funny, i attended the same lecture, posted a summary of it the same night, and then submitted it to reddit. nothing. but windley's gets right up there =) then again, his summary is much more comprehensive and well-written than mine. supposedly this is about drm lock-in, but after i read the title, i kept reading this post as you suckers paid for mp3s you could have downloaded for free.indeed it is. i was writing based on my own memory; phil probably had transcripts. either way, his is more well written. it should be a 303. 302 is for resource redirection whereas a 303 implies that the original request isn't done being fulfilled. a 303 is also supposed to be fetched regardless of the cache. if so, st p! dette er bra saker! :) would you like freedom fries with that? selling seems to be the best option to me. internet search companies like google are interested in people linking to good content instead of spam, so it makes sense for them to run a site like reddit without getting financial revenue from it. it's been fun reading so many comments from people who do not realize the agony of working on this, and having to administer a drug or plug a device to an animal - - attenuated only by the hope of it helping bring about therapies for colon cancer, parkinson's, you name it. i'm sure the agony is comparable to that of the animal. stemmer, og takker og bukker :) h. everyone needs to see this short. it's amazing. array, hash, string, symbol i imagine the other team was kind enough to ease off the pressure and allow the attempts, something that could not be expected in a full out game. or am i wrong? i imagine the other team probably didn't really know who this kid was whatsoever it would be very cool if this kid eventually got to play some college hoops.looks like he could be a nice shooting guard i might agree with you. on all but one of the shots he made he had an opponent right in front of him, but it's hard to see how hard the opponent was trying to block the shot. that's one of the best things i've ever seen. the best timeline for available coming hybrid cars i don't agree. just look at men's competition. it was basically an easy task to win gold for plushenko, one quad-triple-double combo, and then all the triples, not even need for another triple-triple combo. he won with the quality of his elements and because he did not have mistakes. joubert, on the other side went for 2 quads instead of just one of plushenko, and ended up 7th in the free, because of making mistakes. lysacek, with no quad at all had the 3rd best free skate. actually, i think, this system makes you play it safer it's a shame that such people - who do not know way too much about figure skating and the judging system - write articles like this. the fact that paulos compares free markets and evolution shows he doesn't understand one or the other or both. the two cannot be compared because evolution postulates a purposeless, undirected process, while free markets are full of intelligent agents whose purpose is to direct their efforts to offering better deals. firefox 1.5, mac os x. works for me. i agree. the game was already out of hand when the kid was put in. i'm guessing the opposing coach told his kids to lay off a bit. mer nerdete kan det ikke bli hvis man kommer i selskap med slikt slips. browsing the new queue is a reward in itself, it's just a shame that so few people seem to do it. it's almost slightly sad to see something worthwhile slipping into obscurity, one feels like rescuing it with a more interesting headline. one would think that seeing these have created such a big fuzz, they'd be published and widely available, but that's hardly the case. i spent 40 minutes looking for the drawings online, and finally found them on a blog. see em and laugh, have a fit or non of the above. but do see them. is this supposed to have any sound? i can't help but notice that the story is over a year old.i wonder what's happened with this in the meantime. did richard seaver and arcade go ahead with those iranian stories, and what happened as a result? a couple of years back, i was reading lisp in small pieces at my in-laws'. a relative of a relative got very interested and started asking me questions about it. i was surprised since i didn't even know that he programmed. after a minute or two, my wife realized the truth of the situation and broke in to mention that the lisp i was reading about was a programming language. you see, the fellow i was talking to is a speech therapist. he was just as surprised that i was reading about lisps as i was that he cared. part of what was funny about it was how many words we shared but which had subtly different meanings. interpreter', syntax', semantics', symbols', etc. i was able to confuse him pretty badly without even trying. lynx cat73, that was a great answer, thank you. i am going to read up on this issue some more, back-and-forth multi-line arguments on a message board - even if it includes the intelligent people who visit reddit - do not do this subject justice. yes! don't watch it if you don't get any sound, the music is like the best part. :) hitting shots is not the fundamentally difficult part of basketball. it just takes practice. the fundamentally difficult part is getting open, or hitting shots while well-guarded. sounds like what mac os x already does. that is amazing hmmm, kinda spendy, but looks really cool. i am kind of skeptical of how well it can work. i'd really like to hear if someone has tried one. this is old and is already implemented in linux. i am using it right now. enough about lisp! do all articles about lisp automatically make the hot list? how about starting lisp.reddit.com for this stuff? not that lisp isn't cool, but honestly i think the stuff in his belly is passion. does anyone else agree? agreed. on top of that, this piece is just fluff. a claim like lisp is the most important idea in computer science needs to be justified, but this article fails to do so. oh yes, he's gotta know how to take me places i've never gone before.hmm i like the original better - it's more dramatic, less emo:) i noticed that too. i'm glad someone looked into that but he's just talking about taping your reply card to a brick. taping it to a well-packed box sounds like it would work great. this seems like a lot of work for not really that much fun. i figured it was soul incredible. agreed. in case you can't make out the tiny text in the credits, the music is called elegia', by new order, off the low-life album. it's a very nice feel good story good luck to the kid. surprisingly very on-topic now in western europe sudoku helper puts the fun back into su doku if only someone would implement launchd for linux. haha!!11 this never gets old!!11eleven toneone i have seen bears do some impressive climbing in the sierras, but the really amazing part is that none of the knots or the rope didn't give. join your online peer group at www.reddit.com. it's a lovely story. in a way, it shows how the passion and the commitment can go over the limits that sometimes we put ourselves in. speaking more generally, the way how society see iq is completely wrong, people can do amazing things independently from their iq. as with any analysis by a user who has long familiarity with one system and recently started using another, this one is flawed. it consistently plays up subversion strengths and downplays its weaknesses. for instance, transactional commits are probably an advantage and repository-with versioning isn't even mentioned. to disclose my own bias, i'm a subversion user who never wants to go back to cvs. link redirects to an index of games after doing some obnoxious dhtml stuff. and when he gets to the manager level, he has none left. extremely doubtful. the usps knows just as well as do you and i that these envelopes are not intended to be attached to a box - especially a peculiarly heavy one. ha ha ha! i like that! more explained: the academy-award nominated animated short-film tells the story of a lonely inventor, whose colorless existence is brightened only by dreams of the carefree bliss of his youth. by day, he is trapped in a dehumanizing job in a joyless world. but by night, he tinkers away on a visionary invention, desperate to translate his inspiration into something meaningful. when his invention is complete, it will change the way people see the world. but he will find that success comes at a high price, as it changes himself, as well. i think the stuff in his belly is his creativity, his bliss, his passion, his will of change, his soul. there will never be enough evidence for all those who need to believe. sadly. i noticed the same. article's author should be more careful. yeah, i believe ubuntu dapper drake release does this. you could change the about answer from lisp to lisp the programming language'. but given this funny posts, you perhaps should not ;) beza1e1 i perfectly i agree. i just spoke more generally, moving a bit from the video itself. i don't think he really meant lisp, i think the aspect of lisp that is just one incarnation of code as data is the idea he is talking about. i encourage everyone to see this video forget the models, i am impressed by the people who made the modifications! good job! it is quite sad reading a lot of the comments. most of them are young teens having a very tough time dealing with their speech, their posts are filled with anguish and self doubt. some awesome web developer who does this sort of thing please explain to me the logic behind deciding that you know how big my browser window should be better than i know. thanks. of course, this article is assuming that one adopts the biological species concept. i find it interesting that they would take that as the definition of a species when there is no real agreement within the biological community. heh. the system does work. do i still get to keep my karma? behold citizens - i am the spirit of paul graham - i've possessed the mind of one candy for the purpose of this comment. what? my own account? no! that belongs to some rails weenie anyway silence! impudent fool! following this and numerous other incidents, we've decided to do away with the old name and re-brand the language something new, fresh, bold and hip, boldly carrying it into the 21st century. my cohorts and evil minions have pondered long and hard and, after consuming the blood of a hundred virgins, come up with a new name for lisp. henceforth, lisp shall be known as zvkomj'. zvkomj.org shall shortly contain web 2.0 pastel shades, sans serif fonts and stock photos of business types grinning from ear to ear as all good websites are wont to do these days. that is all. go about your business my lisp peons. uh, i mean zvkomj peons. oh and keep voting up those zvkomj stories mmmkay? uhhh my head hey who's been playing with the caps lock key? what am i doing here? that's one death-defying bear. and no safety net, mind you. the local headhunter would like to have a copy of his cv for a career in the circus! my apologies to those who don't have wsj accounts. i agree, too. how can one say that a programming language is the most important idea in computer science? and to justify it, he lists a couple of quotes about how great lisp is. the way i see it, computer science is a bit more than this; one can not just chose a programming language as the best idea'. in light of the pending sale of uk-based po to united arab emirates dp world, this examines po operations in north america that are being ignored by us media and the department of homeland security. i really like your posts here on reddit. i mean, aside from this one. do you have a web presence that you'd like to associate with your big head army nickname? like, you know, a blog? google doesn't abide. i love how the commentator is clueless. i absolutely loved it. the thing about shorts is that every single frame has to be meaningful and can't be wasted. in more there's so much content in so little play time. i love the subtleties and the art style. unique. hope it wins the oscar. he is only 2-3 meters above ground. you can not die from falling at that height. lol! she could have pointed out what not everyone has figured out: the security is a sham because a potential bomber only has to let off a bomb in the security area where hundreds of people from tens of flights are all herded in a bottleneck. that's worse than the incompetence in my opinion. looks fake to me as well. i'm pretty sure bears can't grip something as thin as that rope and hang upside down. here in vancouver. a lot of vietnamese gangs are involved in growing pot. the way the government catches them is to simply look at the electricity bill. to circumvent this, most pot growers rent basements for a few month and move out as soon as the pots are harvested. but the looks of this house in question. the investment must be huge. they can be caught very fast if they tap into the grid. i am guessing that they probably have their own generators. oh, please. my screen is not 800x600 or less. my screen is huge. that is not the issue. not everybody keeps their browser window maximized, believe it or not. yet this page, and its ilk, wants to make sure that it surrounds its meager 770 pixels of content with as much blank space as my huge monitor will allow, so it invasively resizes my browser window to its maximum allowed size. the so called, fire inside you it's interesting, but i don't see it as the first hit on reddit. all this stupid blog posting does is flame europe and praise bush for letting an arab country take over our ports. old joke, so i'm not sure if i'm telling it right - a unix admin is talking to a vax admin. the unix guy says i hear vaxen are pretty nice. how long do they take to boot?the vax guys says i'm not sure. i've only ever booted it once.how could they have done anything else? i hope they let neil young give the speech. he's the only one of the 60s geezers who really got punk. i'm surprised this didn't get more votes -- and i'm surprised to see joel in a gladwell article. i think it must be because of the title. this is completely bs. i experienced this when i tried netflix last year, it started taking 5 days to get each movie, so i cancelled and subscribed to a local pickup service. the it crowd 1st season is now over, so here are the links to all of the episodes for your viewing pleasure. in case you never heard about this show, it features the day to day life of a bunch of it professionals working for a big british corporation. great stuff, simply hilarious. all the episodes are freely and legally downloadable.. where are pms when you need them? spez, kn0thing, time for a new feature! i modded this up not because of the content, but because i find it fascinating that it was no.2 on the front page of reddit already. i didn't realise redditors were also stoners. talk about a self-fulfilling prophecy you ever seen some of the very small branches that bears climb? they definitely are capable of such feats. i don't see anything in the photo that makes it look fake to me. except i really don't want anyone's greasy hands getting smears all over my screen it's called init-ng. as you say, it's in the usps's interest to deliver bulk mail, because that's how they make a lot of their money. in fact, that's why u.s. letter postage is so cheap: it's subsidized by the sale of bulk mail permits. so if you want to get rid of bulk mail, go right ahead, but recognize that you'll be getting rid of cheap private mail at the same time. check the date of the article. i knew i'd heard of this somewhere. my biggest concern would be disabling the parallel boot for troubleshooting purposes. you'd need some way to tell init to run one set of scripts instead of another. the author suggests that this should be easy, but i think that you'd be looking at, at best, a modified init. have you been to any teen forums? most of them sound like that: a mixture of angst, cheerful mental laziness, and poor grammar. my sympathy is with them i vaguely remember going to speech classes when i was in elementary school to help me say the r sound properly but comments like that are near universal from young teens. i don't know whether that should make you less sad, or more. the war on drugs is not meant to be won, and it's not meant to reduce drug use. it's meant to trick people into thinking politicians are doing good things. same with gun control, the war on poverty, and every other government program. government programs are a way of consolidating government power, by doing something that looks good and making people think the government is necessary. appearance trumps substance. drug abuse is worse now that when the drug war was started. many people realize that it's stupid, but many others believe what the government tells them, that without the war on drugs their kids will go to raves and do e. then they can sleep well, content that the government has taken over the responsibility of keeping their kids away from drugs. while their kids go out to raves and do e. cool. thanks. i thought what they were insinuating with the whole crosshairs on the report thing, was that the idea of a terrorist attack on the twin towers wasn't an alien concept to the government. sort of a counter-argument to all the comments about it's unexpectedness'. still pretty hard to grasp the different concepts. to whoever thinks shooting 6 3 pointers is easy.. why don't you go try it out i hope they let neil young give the speech. he's the only one of the 60s geezers who really got punk. indeed, more so than the stuck-in -'77 bands who keep making the same ramones album over and over. sick i originally saw this thing as the kenna video. i like the kenna video better because the editing is tighter and the music seems to change more scene to scene. maybe even check for dupes right after you've typed the url. sometimes i get embarrassed for other people. this is one of those times. and windows. i don't program in c and don't really understand what he means by artificially hard'. i know that a big difficulty in c is properly managing pointers, which in turn makes the runtime much faster than languages which abstract this process, like java. so what else is so difficult about c ? and how is c cryptic? the syntax is almost identical to that of java, which i don't think many would consider cryptic'. and aren't there areas where c is the only good choice, like scientific algorithms that must be blazingly fast and video games? graham linehan also wrote father ted and black books. er folk virkelig s negative p denne siden at de stemmer ned alt og alle ? :s siden er da ikke s drlig, er den det? :d you know english too well, for a better internet experience i suggest to take a special course to ruin your english to an appropriate level. perhaps it should not come as a surprise. after all, the word troll actually originated in the norwegian language and folklore. this never gets old, loved it then, love it now det vil ogs vere fint om mensen p denne sida blir omsett til norsk. very ironic if you ask me how is the situation any different with python? on abu ghraib: i, personally, am still unable to get too worked-up over what basically amounted to a harsh fraternity hazing for terrorists. blech. he also thinks iraq was an idealistic wilsonian attempt to re-make the entire world as safe for liberal democracy, while destroying islamic terrorism in the process. even the bush administration can't really have been so deluded as to think iraq was some kind of harbour for islamic terrorists. this guy has some funny ideas. i like python too but this article is so bad i can barely finish it. first, in the first paragraph, he conflates xml with programming languages. shortly thereafter, he works in how he is a wunderkind that learned programming at age 9. later he refers to the complexity of perl without any specifics; perhaps he's referring to map', which would be ironic. in a nutshell: vague tripe. i would consider xslt as programming in xml please don't call it the war on drugs the correct term is the war on some drugs'. hahaha you know that it all went wrong in iraq when william f. buckley says it's time to bring the troops home. of course according to him it's not the fault of the american's but just the fact that iraqui's can't deal with democracy. the old white man's burden rises it's head again. many of them do. hobbykip? sorry, ik kom niet zo vaak meer in nl, heeft dit iets te maken met een zeker wolkers verhaal? :p what're you talking about? if you're hanging precariously on a rope like that, you could break your back by falling 6 feet. it's all about how you land. sage reading all breaking news in minutes very good reference site. very good reference site. men are forced to eat scat by their beautiful dominas. lots of free videos. satellite photo not shown with article. however, interesting side-by-side picture of fake and real 100 bill. very little content. bjorn is right, at least for those of us without much mechanical aptitude. but the moving diagrams help. in the first paragraph, he conflates xml with programming languages nonsense. read it again. he uses python, and he uses xml. he promotes python, but he does not promote xml. the implication is that it's not his habit to promote a language just because he uses it, but rather because there is something special about it. he goes on to explain why he thinks python is special. he no doubt mentioned xml because he is famous for promoting rest in preference to rpc. i think he was the one who started that debate. rest typically uses xml. i'm also familiar with his advocacy of svg, which is an xml language. one might have supposed that he was a big fan of xml itself. he's a smart guy, and in my opinion he is very clear-sighted when it comes to the big picture of things. my momma alway said to be respectful of other people's beliefs i don't think momma knew about scientology. actually, this got me to thinking. especially given the hydraulic doors, and the depth, and so on, could this have been somebody's nuke shelter from a few years back that got converted? lots of people built basement shelters in the 50's-80's and that would explain the huge doors etc. in that case the investment would be less - simply buy a place that some paranoid type had built. on the other hand, the house looks fairly recent and no mention of how to fit a conifer into mysql. come on, people. isn't it obvious? we are lispers, right? embed code in the name so that every time it is referenced, it changes automatically, thus staying one step ahead of all references to itself. you could even post an indexed page with the latest version named hold on, infinite recursion. never mind. i agree. the problem is with people who think the bible has authority, not with specific cases of this phenomenon. one of the worst language analysis efforts i've ever seen. it admits to being anecdotal but since it is written by someone who doesn't know the language in question at all, i doubt it can even lay claim to that. more accurate would be hearsay.reminds me of how much i miss working in smalltalk. and it's not as though a satellite photo of a counterfeit bill factory looks any different from a satellite photo of any other kind of factory. a lot of the articles showing up in reddit lately are like this: they tell you just enough to get you interested, but not enough to be of any real value. i looked for a publication date, and the best i could find was copyright 2000 at the bottom. ruby was around, of course, but had not yet reached a wide non-japanese audience. but, of course, the larger point is why the comparison is limited to so-called mainstream languages. i get the sense that prescod happened across a nice, flexible language, got comfortable with it, and stopped looking for anything better. i'm not sure why you'd be teary about this. i'm sure shooting 6 3-pointers is very difficult, but autism is not a physical disability; there's nothing especially impressive about this guy having done it. it's nice that the coach let him play, though; he was obviously pretty keen , ,  . comment if you're going into a blogging partnership with someone, read this first ruby all the way up, dudes. also, if you have any exceptions in your c , you blow your performance, due to the requirement that exiting the scope via the exception call the destructors. i was under the impression that this was a common misconception. as i understand it, the runtime performance penalty for an unthrown exception is comparable to a conditional checking the return value of a function; it's often-times even less than that. exceptions in most mainstream c compilers are now implemented as jump pads that destruct the stack when they get jumped to; a jump to the pad is the code that the throw statement actually emits. the runtime penalty for a thrown exception is obviously high. this is one of the reasons using exceptions for non-exceptional cases is such a bad idea. exceptions should rarely be thrown in a correctly functioning program. implemented as jump pads, exceptions can also significantly increase the size of the binary, since you end up with very similar code for destructing the same stack in a number of places. a possible cache performance caveat, i suppose; keep in mind that the code should never be using cache space, since it should never be executing. am i under the wrong impression? i understand your point, but, unfortunately, the exact same line of reasoning to condemn something according to the bible is used to redeem that same thing according to the bible. i propose that the reasoning itself is faulty and therefore any conclusion drawn from it is irrelevant. what is it? what interests me about this idea is the fact that google is a very programmer-centric company. if they bought sun, how much would java be used inside google? what would end up happening to java? i haven't yet had a need for pms. this works fine for me. and every other government program. maroon. not only interesting to stoners. according to the study, north european women evolved blonde hair and blue eyes at the end of the ice age to make them stand out from their rivals at a time of fierce competition for scarce males. phenomenally inane misrepresentation of the study. the point could be made simply: blond hair may have become widespread due to sexual selection after a population crunch. dunno if it's true, but it doesn't offend common sense. i thought reddit was supposed to be what's new onlinenot what's months old online. what would end up happening to java? everyone would have to use jython. that's probably it. thanks for clarifying. the scaffolding is what provoked my old crusty engineer reaction the most expensive mistakes are design bugs. calcifying your classes such right at the start usually isn't a good idea. if you mean that in ruby i can define a generic pattern for a function which generates an html tag, and use that to make specific functions for each tag using some config file, then use those to build bigger abstract chunks, then i say right on. broken link yeah, i don't think the idea is to always demonstrate practical solutions to problems. it's sort of a hey look, you can do this cool thing with css site. i don't really agree that a table is a good choice for a calendar. to my mind tables should be about presenting data based on two variables the number of hits a website got for each day of the week per browser type, or sales per staff member per month. think about it what would you label the columns and rows if you used tables to make a calendar? just because they're the same shape doesn't mean it makes sense to use the same markup. of course, css is probably the wrong tool too but it doesn't hurt to experiment ;) what would you label the columns and rows if you used tables to make a calendar? one row is one week. one column is a day of the week. there ya go :) i wish i could recoup those 8 hours a day as much as anyone, but frankly this sounds a little unhealthy, or, at best unpleasant. no more importantly, someone should remember to warn the last blond about the who agents who will be trying to kill her before she has kids and proves their study wrong. let's hope so! i love python and the more i use java the more i hate it's verbosity. i started this sleep schedule on october 20, 2005, so i've been going for over 4 months now. it feels like its been much longer though. i can't tell if he's being intentionally funny or not. :) ok ok that wasn't the most carefully thought-through comment! :) i still think there are better ways to do calendars than either tables or css. ditto for subreddit requests posted n times here already. complex, but a good idea. who cares what links are the most popular? i just want things that i'm interested to be popular! this would also have the added benefit of spammers not really seeing how badly their submissions do unless they log out. more than likely it was because they were making millions of dollars. when you are talking about that much weight, it has to pass through countless hands on its way down the line. they don't subpoena electricity bills until after you are already under investigation. they just discussed this at the last google-sun analyst briefing, and eric schmidt quote empathetically turned the possibility down. this article has a lot of flaws in it. for example, there are people that obey every law in leviticus; they're called orthodox jews. though religion is riddled with inconsistencies, errors and outright lies, it is always easier for true believers to point out the additional inconsistencies of apologists and rationalizers who seek to water a faith down. the answer? drop religion altogether; its followers will always hate you. study ayn rand's philosophy of objectivism, and stop apologizing or feeling guilty for something you shouldn't. my handwriting is a foreign language, teachers can't read it. yes. to both questions. and the problem with that is? you're the man. kudos to southpark for showing the stupidity in religion, be it scientology, catholic church, freaky deaky american christians, islam, protestants, mormons, etc quoting stan: wait. mormons actually know this story and they still believe joseph smith was a prophet?:) wtf, you click on this story's comments and you find yourself in the nsfw section? ok fine. cookie points for doing something hard. =) germany did provide a lot of support for the invasion of iraq after all cheers for that. i hate watching streaming video. i mean, how hard can it be to make a torrent, or an ed2k link to distribute the episode, rather than making us endure the horrors of streaming? this is stuff that definitely needs to be read more about. i barely have any conception of it, but before i started reading articles like this and talking with some people, i thought pumping money to the poor africans was a good idea. now i am starting to see that free trade is really a better idea. it seems to me that if you look at the long term it is more important to do business with corrupt governments than trying to pay for good government. the bit about the bin laden video is interesting as well. why would obl deny the attacks? is that video actually of him? doesn't he usually face the camera directly? yeah, no way i'd do this. sleep does more for you than make you able to function mentally; you repair yourself and develop physically outside of rem. i value my good physical health and ability to develop muscle way too much to do this. who cares what links are the most popular? i just want things that i'm interested to be popular! agreed! otherwise we'd be using digg.com for our groupthink links. :) this should be the default view in the newlist. java is already used very heavily inside google. it's not, but it is. :-d quite possibly the dumbest thing i've ever heard. sun holds very little value to google because sun holds very little value to anybody. the few technology leads they have in the industry will not make up for their ham handed leadership. if some part of google's infrastructure relied on sun technology, this would at least be plausible. i must say these were pretty nice. but until the media industry figures out that consumers won't tolerate retarded drm schemes, i will stay away from hd like rabies. i wonder why it is necessary for that headline and the subheadline to be flash? i sometimes write drivers for ics so there have been a few times where it is necessary to bang the bits, as well as maintenance of very old code bases. but mostly i find myself a little more comfortable than others debugging in the source and disassembly window. as far as knowing an architecture, it can be important, but usually the only time i've found it imperative is when writing to a device, sometimes you have to defeat out-of-order execution to make sure things get sent in the correct sequence. other than that, c does the trick. you might as well use digg. do propose that downvotes be ignored for score or for filter? shucks, i'm a blond guy. i better be sure to marry a blonde or a least a chick with a blond parent. having more of the day sounds great. but it appears this would take spontaneity and certain activities out of my life, dinner and drinks runs late perhaps, a day on the ski-hill, a long bike ride, a friend calls and invites you out, a round of golf. all of these don't work well with having to take a half hour nap every 4 hours. code which is designed to be read by a computer i thought everything above machine code was designed to be read by a human at the sake of a computer. no. well, thanks for imply that the film didn't touch me because i have no soul, but i prefer to think the reason is that i found it heavy-handed, depressing, and inaccurate. i'm not saying it's an awful film, but i am saying that it's not that good either. definitely, yeah. i'm also really skeptical of a non-back compatible format. i think they'll have much better luck introducing it if they sell enhanced discs that will be a dvd in a dvd player and a bluray in a bluray player. that said, it sure is a gorgeous hd transfer. wow. sure. just last week i wrote a few lines of arm assembly language in an otherwise c program to run on a cell phone. i also had to disassemble and reverse-engineer some of the runtime library in order to know what assembly language to write. i'd never done arm before, but no biggie -- it looks like just a cross between 6502 and powerpc, both of which i've done lots of before :-) hope he doesn't become just another pseudo-intelligent talking head like joel something or other and that one guy whose name is something like awoialskzl;xk. this is fun i concur. it'd be like buying cisco or nortel like, why? however, jodie kidd, 27, the blonde model, disagrees with the theory: i dont think being blonde makes you more ripe for sexual activity. its much more to do with personality than what you look like. beauty is much deeper than the colour of your hair. looks like this reporter worked really hard to find a contrasting opinion.. wow well only ruby people have responded. i only know python, and i am a web programer. i like python because of its structure. one can usually not help but make readable code. this is not something i usually experience with other languages. where i can just dive into the library code a quickly understand what is going on. there is very little reward for super cleverness when it comes to python. i think this is a big deal it makes it easier to learn by reading. next question please. ah, is google trying to conquer the world? openoffice runs acceptably on a system with enough memory. my argument is that although using languages like python which trade execution speed for programming speed may often be the right choice, i think it would break down when applied across an entire system. in other words, it's ok for openoffice to be big and bloated because most of the other programs on my system are small and lean. if my window manager, mail client, web browser, instant messaging client, media player, and terminal emulator were all written in languages which made the same tradeoffs as java and python, i'd need a lot more hardware to do the job. horses for courses, and all that. seems inaccurate interesting interview with arthur miller, however even he continues to propagate the notion that us was founded by people that was fleeing from religious persecution. not so. the puritans were religious fanatics that tried to co-opt the society. good thing they left england. pity plymouth rock didn't land on the puritans rather than the reverse. i think you're replying to a different question. you're saying knowing assembler is good', which is not the same thing as do you ever write any'. i never write any, but i learned enough of it 20 years ago to get what i need out of it. see, i think this would work for a fiction and short story reddit. actually, some people's hair color changes as they grow. i was a blonde in youth but now have dark brown hair. i suggest to use something other than ie as the url as you probably don't want people to think you linked to the internet explorer subreddit. it is difficult to distinguish us foreign politics and world politics. no, that's not what i meant at all. you couldn't have gotten it more wrong. just forget it; i'm embarrassed for both of us. --the author awesome. other good ones are: bricks thrown through the window of a cheating baby's daddy', a guy caught walking out on a 4.65 restaurant bill, and a hangman's noose found hanging in the doorway of a friends home. local news is great. true, my hair bleached very easily in the sun when i was younger. how is this accounted for in this theory? good i am interested in knowing how they prevent people from voting for their own stuff many times. is the system effective enough to scale to higher payouts? posting thumbnails could pose a serious legal issue for reddit, given the recent case against google's image search. i believe it was deemed that google's use of thumbnails did not constitute fair use'. reload to see them all. i like it, very nice :) the linked site never said it was pal, as far as i could tell. if we assume the author is using a us ntsc dvd, it would be 720x480 natively. the pixels aren't square, however, so it needs to be upsampled to 852x480 to have the correct aspect ratio. thus the 852x480 resolution would be appropriate if this is from an ntsc dvd. i think this was a valid comparison. definitely not with a fountain pen. linking to photographs does not make one liable for copyright infringement. the stuff about having to split the stock to attract investors etc reveals that the chap don't know what he's talking about. maybe google buys sun in the end, but this article is amateurish at best. i always used slashcode as benchmark. wealthy nations must generously buy products and services from african nations to alleviate poverty. aid is a short-term solution and lacks conviction. enjoy, i'm uploading a fix to that bug in about an hour. oh right, my bad, i hadn't watched it when i posted this. what i said still stands in general, though. and i didn't really mean any offence to you personally; i mean, if it's a choice between streaming clip and no clip then obviously we all wanna see the clip. is knowing assembler useful?is interesting, too i hate writing. always have. glad to be born in the age of computers. very important because i've observed people voting down the link if they feel it is irrelevant to him even though it educating for others. what exactly is wrong with the hierarchy? it's worked quite well for usenet, and for a reason. that said, the creators said in their blog that subreddits are for people.-- are there really that many groups that hierarchy is a big deal? you know, i totally agree. my brain actually subconsciously has an aversion to doing any work which will require writing: homework assignments laden with math which i don't want to bother typesetting, notetaking in labs, etc. i only recently realized this; before, i just had this vague feeling that those things are somehow hard'. writing sucks, but i sure wish i could do it better. i'm going to do the activities advised in this article. my handwriting is ugly, but i want it to be pretty. power where got?? i thought america already had a president who was a moron? no worries, personally i'm a huge fan of the streaming clip explosion on the internet as of late.. thinking back to even a year ago there was less available out there. nothing satisfies me more than an easily accessible clip. no download, unzipping, waiting etc always fun to discuss things at reddit: make a pertinent but not positive point about the amateur toy of the day, and get all of your comments in all threads downmodded. excellent, i always struggle to see mechanical stuff moving from a static image. great weight loss ideas, lot of successful weight loss stories, weight loss tips,weight loss fun and many more. so we are going to provide you all the information that you need to lose weight and what you should eat what should not. this is much better criticism of perl. however i take exception to the following: but if i ever start my own company, perl won't be allowed there'. that's too bad, because you might well be missing out on a lot of code from cpan that already does what you need it to. why would having a platform to combine hardware, storage, staroffice, java, and solaris get them anywhere? what does that do for them? i don't care about my reddit karma. i do care what this kind of behaviour says about the people i share this virtual space with. agreed, the author is probably sincere. my point is: users shouldn't blame the low visual quality of ntsc dvds on the dvd standard itself. if they tried pal dvds, preferably on a non-int better plan. attract whatever top tech-heads are left at sun over to google and watch sun continue its spiral into oblivion. ugh! this is not the original. here is the original: www.firefoxmyths.com typo track there's an option for it. ianal, but how is this even remotely copyright legal? there used to be one of these, it got shut down real quick. so there are really people who survived the drm horrors of steam? i notice a greenish colour cast in the hd frames. at the strathmore performing arts center, in montgomery county, maryland, some dog was killed, and the owner slightly injured, by a buried power line last year. given the huge cost overruns, one would think they could have done better with the electrical work. i read this article a couple years ago during university and i made the switch from finger-writing to arm-writing and it made things quite a bit better. my hand would be less tired and my writing more legible. it took a while to adjust, but i highly recommend it. with a mac, you could blow up the screen with the zoom feature in universal access. it's great for that kind of thing. to watch that short film, more, i zoomed in so that the little clip took up the whole display. it's not even blocky like you expect. for the sake of eco-diversity, isn't it time for finland to legislate against blondes marrying non-blondes? okay, just kidding. but if makes sense to preserve panda, it probably makes sense to preserve blondes as an endangered phenotype. the article explains why. once again the register shows that they are more interested in sensationalist claptrap than hard facts. it's okay to make mistakes, but by now they should know the truth and post a correction. at most i'd only want as url. don't burden reddit's feature set with user profiles above and beyond what is needed for reddit's core function. yes!!! i'd love to see a video of one of these getting hit by an h2. fly vs. windshield, anyone? haha it's even in beta this should be in nsfw.reddit.com most likely, the video was being put out as part of a military propaganda campaign, and therefore not intended to be viewed by domestic audiences. i recall hearing a sound bite of rumsfeld grumbling that the internet was causing too much us propaganda to makes its way back to the us. yeah. delete it and put it on nsfw, you'll get much more karma. people will vote this down because it's nsfw. too much coffee, i guess. i think typing in all caps to show emotion is super cool too!! i bet we're both 14!!! l33t!!!!!! i'd like to get in touch with this guy. but metafilter is charging 5 to sign up! what a ripoff! i like ruby but this article makes me sad. it sounds so defensive, and it doesn't make a ton of sense to me. cgi-limits reached, please try again later! roflmao anyone who knows and understands what the gulag actually was would consider an analogy to gb spurious, ill-informed and despicable. this is just more hysterical rhetorical pandering to the left's lofty self righteousness. i rock! thanks for redditing my user page!! yeah i don't like the bare sql either but the first solution that jumps into mind is to extend the webclass and add a new object-relational-mapping method very nice. i like practical examples. if you're a python programmer, trying ruby won't hurt. if you're a ruby programmer, trying python won't hurt either. the result will be you know the answer better'. kinda neat. seems that their goal is to end poverty by giving people money. i'm a skeptic. they will probably have a great time trying. more power to them. have fun folks! in the absence of a hearing, how do you know why they were there? i don't have any idea what this page is talking about but i like moving the mouse in and out to make little animations! works well on 3 and 9. the article never says they were captured in any paramilitary camp, rather sold by locals for bounties. i guess any western outside their own countries could also be considered a terrorist right? oh only a-rabs eh? hmm yarv pdf the paragraph on performance isn't that good. in the beginning, he only talks about startup time, not general performance. then, he claims that ie is faster at rendering simple and small pages - which is definitely not an interesting issue, because that's where performance does not matter. many of the other myths are not myths, but rather inaccurate claim. the answer is always not true, only 97  true'. there also just sources for the claims being refuted, but no sources for the counter-claims. i return to this work again and again and again and again. it is the ultimate self-help book in my opinion. i completely agree with you on this. it's the bad part about polyphasic sleep. i did 2 equal sleep sessions almost without fail for a year of college, but that's because it fit my schedule well. templating is being done with cheetah. this is just a basic app but a nice overview on how to use webpy in a practical example. the templating engine is cheetah but aaronsw is working on his own webpy template system. i have no idea if these people are terrorist or not, but i certainly do think that they should get a fair trial- and here's a shocker-being a foreigner in afghanistan doesn't make you a terrorist. just like not all foreigners in iraq are cia agents. here is the thing i don't understand. i mean, we are free society. we believe all humans are naturally good. we try to rehabilitate our prisoners. we give them their day in court. but why not these prisoners? wouldn't their day in court only show the world how despicable they are? wouldn't we hear from their mouth their hatred of us? wouldn't the light of day justify our imprisonment of these captive? unless of course we are worried what they will say? what could that be, that worries us so much? i don't know. assuming it's not done with the permission of the copyright holder: it's not. hahaha! great! why isn't this in nsfw? texas-punk, ey? the best part is one of those extensions is probably menu editor, which would let you cut your right-click bar back down to size :) ja.redditredditsubmit didn't tom and jerry come out of mgm? but the who definitely had blonde fans! if you google for loremo you'll find almost nothing. so few results make me wonder how factual this article is. go to advanced search'; choose orand case insensitive and then search for i a the me you it his her they'. result? every ch cartoon, ever. finally, someone is responding to the manipulation of people by instilling religious fears: the emperor has no clothes. rtfa in never once mentions that these people were caught in an aq camp. you either can't read or trolling. even if it is just a joke, it still looks awesome to me :) when you have no insightful reply, just press the down arrow.. the reason why the number of blondes will decrease is that the gene for blindness is recessive. it assumes that blondes will intermarry with non-blondes. as an example: suppose 10 percent of the people in the world were blonde with 2 blonde genes, and 90 non-blonde, with no blonde genes. 10 of the genes are blonde. if people marry at random, there will be 1 blondes, 18 non-blondes with 1 blonde gene, and 81 of people with no blonde gene. if each set of parents had 2 kids, the number of blondes would have dropped 10-fold. there's no reason for blondes to disappear entirely though. as long as 1 out of 75,000 genes is for blondeness, one would expect an average of at least 1 blonde in a population of 6 billion. very funny, but probably counterproductive. ..you can burn the cd from a friend for 25 cents and send the musician a buck. not the best way to argue that cds are overpriced. linkjack -1 for those of us idiots, what conclusions can we draw? i've never worked with python before, but i can't imagine it's hard or a lot of extra code to change that sql to simple prepared statements is it? it really rocks!!! over 500 free online flash and shockwave games! and you can win a sony psp every week! all you have to do is play! looks like google is filtering most of these search terms modifiers, so it's interesting, but only from an archaeological perspective. web 2.0 is more about a different marketing model, gonzo marketing for mindshare. ajax is just an acceptance of javascript. yet if you walk through an ad agency, you won't find many copies of samuelsons economics. you are more likely to find works by such writers as maslow, jung and freud. it would be an interesting exercise to fathom the relation, or lack of same. and if you go through the drawers in your hotel room you'll find a gideons bible a phone book. there's one to ponder! back in the 90s, investors business daily reported that corporations were getting rid of their economists and hiring engineers and the like instead. nothing like good hard evidence. still, it's true that smart, arrogant guy alienates other smart, arrogant person is a dog bites man kind of story. you should be more tolerant of other people's religions, tele 64. this will be even funnier if it passes. :-d the liftgate hinges on the front of the car and you open it like an oyster. kidding. i have no idea how it's supposed to work. reddit is for-profit? floridians are often found in banff and lake louise skiing in february. seeing as you are so clueless about a simple fact like that, i have to highly doubt you have any real insight as to why a kuwaiti may of may not be spending time in pakistan. why? mostly because the left is too disorganized to get together bodies of people who can protest each and every day. republicans are evil, and democrats are incompetent. for a gene, being recessive does not imply being weaker. if there is no difference looking at the fitness of blondes and non-blondes, the distribution of genotypes will remain more or less constant. as a consequence, the same holds for the distribution of the phenotypes - the number of blondes. ps: there is also no single gene for blondeness, i guess, so everything here is a simplification. which only proves that you are as ignorant as rep. ron hood. ;) russell doesn't remember the nineties very well. greenspan finally looked around and said, essentially, wtf is going on here?in 1997. in other words, before overvaluation of tech stocks began. afterwards, he recanted, and by the time the bubble burst, seemed to be as caught up in it as anyone. i guess russell is one those people who need the comfort of a wise authority who has things under control, and so fits his memory of history to fit that wish. but it doesn't exist. greenspan doesn't know what's happening. ben bernanke doesn't know what's happening. the biggest danger to our prosperity is the centralization of power in the fed. monetary policy should be set with some kind of direct democracy. call it the wikifed. the crowd isn't perfectly wise, but it's the wisest thing we've got. a subreddit on all things startup. i'm almost worried parent isn't joking. perhaps it is, but it was even uglier when users had to guess at the id themselves, so we'd thought we make it easier. why not in the open court system? why behind the bar of a hidden tribunal? aren't we treading dangerously close to soviet russia, where you must just simply trust the collective good will? what's your source? i've heard that there's been a buyout offer, but heard it described as lowball', with no amount. i for one am very interested in finding out if it stunts muscle growth in a significant manner. how sad. except that it was not really a pertinent point. monkey patching is one of those side effect possibilities that come from having a sometimes useful feature available. it is not a pertinent point because it is not commonly done or encouraged. bringing it up is like saying c is bad because compiler macros can be abused. any language feature can be misused to disastrous consequences. i could give a sh!t about how far down this gets modded but if these guys turned down even 2 or 3 million after mere months then either a) they are fools, b) they got atrocious advice, or c) both thank you, was about to comment on that. why would you want to rewrite all of that stuff that way though? what possible advantages could a window manager gain from python that are worth giving up hand-optimized execution? even if someone did decide to go that route they probably would get it written, say this thing runs like a pig and rewrite the core parts in c for the speed gains. hehehe. terrorist sympathizers. i know you're just saying that americans in general don't care about terrorist sympathizers', and that's definitely true. however, your phrasing seems to imply that you think terrorist sympathizers actually belong in guantanamo. i wonder if the popularity of this sentiment will fall when they lock up george clooney. hallchen ihr sen feminism isn't genetic; it's a belief, not a primal urge. while i can see your point that a feminist mother is likely to indoctrinate her daughters with similar ideals, many children develop their beliefs as a backlash against what they see around them, rather than falling to the rhetoric presented to them. it's common to rebel against one's parents ideals simply for the sake of rebelling, so feminists are always likely to develop from families where the mother takes a particularly subservient role. this will be so obsolete when i finish my web 4.0 article. its approaching infinity. apple is evil. religious people aren't considered to be second class citizens as opposed to homosexuals whom are. religious ideas are like all other ideas and inventions - subject to criticism. well it's an opinion piece. the press publish opinion pieces all the time. it's not drivel, it makes quite pertinent points in a fairly entertaining way. religious people aren't considered to be second class citizens yet me too, to tell you the truth i'm still unsure which image was hd and which was not, and i was hoping for so much from hd! if i see one more ad touting saab's aeronautical heritage, i'm going to i don't know what i'm going to do, but it's not going to be pretty. saab is yet another division of general motors, which sells warmed-over versions of subarus and chevys. to make their cars uniquely swedish, they put the ignition switch in the console and make sure the cars exhibit vicious torque steer thanks to surging, terror-inducing turbochargers. er, expected'. geez. don't do this isn't exactly helpful, but it's a start. ah, very interesting! thank you! being recessive doesn't make a gene weaker in the sense that it does nothing to lessen the likelihood of the person carrying it surviving or reproducing. thus being recessive does not cause a reduction of the gene's presence in the genepool. if a gene lessens one's chances of surviving or reproducing when it is expressed, then i would expect being recessive to make the gene stronger. i love the way reddit works, whenever a mistaken story gets voted up the correction can get voted up farther. i guess the first step to religious persecution was the war on christmas ? :) actually, that's what makes religious ideas so dangerous. you're not allowed to question- they call it dogma for a reason. for example: thinking that native americans are descendants of a jewish tribes is stupid- but you can't question it if you're on an lsd trip. completely ordinary vibrator. whatever. they're going to let you pick which subreddits are visible on the main page for you. and i'm sure they'd have a reasonable default. i'm not saying there is no genetic influence. my point was just that homosexuality could be caused by the interaction of multiple factors, in which case it is much less likely to disappear from the population. however, just because there's a genetic influence does not mean that the gene will eventually die out due to a lack of reproduction. as you pointed out, the prenatal hormonal theory could explain the biological origin of homosexuality. however, according to this theory, homosexuality results from an interaction of genes with the environment, in which case there would be many people with the homosexuality susceptibility gene who were not exposed to the particular hormones in the womb to make them express those genes. therefore, the genes will persist. hmmm. doesn't say anything about vibrating; where'd you see that? a bit hard to hit a car made for the european market with a car nobody drives around here because it is so wasteful. delivering crazy frog ringtones is value? implementing turing machines is easier i suspect. i only tried brainfuck and nothing functional so long though. no, people mustn't speak with each other - that would be unthinkable. wedding gift. lol!! ah. that's where the bug is. i don't like to have people in highest regard everyone is just people, and people are wrong sometimes. so it doesn't bother me when my friends criticize people i agree with, so long as i'm getting some new insight or understanding. i'd rather be right than warm and fuzzy i don't think any hd mp3 player advertises whether a battery will burn out and require replacement on the box. are you saying that the right don't support the rule of law? ham radio. terrorists should be treated as less than properly badged enemy combatants. they cannot possibly be allowed the same access and privilege to defense that suspect criminal citizens do. but these people are not terrorists. they haven't even been accused of anything in particular. you could of course say they are potential terrorists although you could say it of anyone. couldn't agree more. my thoughts exactly. subtleties? are you kidding me? it's about as subtle as a hammer. earthbound kid expresses this point so well elsewhere on this page that i won't bother going into the details again. good review. this is nothing more than the same old story that's already been rehashed countless times, from citizen kane to the hudsucker proxy. they can and will drive 55! this is a repost, but since it is so good, i still gave it an up! you know, the saddest part of this parody is that the only unrealistic part of that is the fold-out system requirements. everything else looks exactly like an ms product package. yeesh. was there a military tribunal for timothy mcveigh? that is a completely arbitrary distinction. allow me make a clear distinction in the example you provided with timothy mcveigh. the individuals at guantanamo bay were captured on foreign soil in a recognized theater of military conflict and were foreign agents. timothy mcveigh's status fulfilled none of these conditions. that sounds like the distinction between civilians and non-civilians, and foreign and domestic organizations. thank you for catching my civilian'-'citizen mixup. i meant to assign the statement to non-civilians. non-civilians captured in a military operation should not receive the full breadth of judicial oversight that civilians do. there is clearly a necessary separation of powers where the executive branch, when exercising its war powers, cannot have every action possibly scrutinized and struck down by the judicial branch. which is why they need to have hearings to determine their status. bookmark this, u never know when u may need it!lol! so all we need to do to stop global warming is fly over the largest cities in the world releasing ebola. what are we waiting for? i don't think that part has anything to do with right and left. you can be a realist or an optimist on both sides of the political spectrum. allow me make a clear distinction in the example you provided with timothy mcveigh. the individuals at guantanamo bay were captured on foreign soil ok, so you were wrong when you said dealing with terrorism is a military matter and not of a civilian nature'? glad we could clear that up. and so you are incorrect when you say that if someone may have been involved in terrorism, we cannot have judicial oversight. if they were captured in a war zone, while participating in a war, then of course i agree they are not subject to the criminal courts. they are prisoners of war. so what were you doing throwing around suspected terrorists everywhere? wtf does that have to do with civilian-non civilian? what was your point? i dunno, i think its cute! =) hi people by precious hi people by precious didn't the nsfw section have google adsense on it for a while? excellent link - made me feel like such a mark as i had been thinking of visiting yo sushi from reading that observer article. the article i read says this: they suggest that dyed-blondes are more attractive to men who choose them as partners over true blondes. doesn't sound so much like the findings of a study as some researches projecting their questionable taste on the general populace. the page was a wiki so i've taken the liberty of fixing it. as watkey notes, web.py has protection against this sort of thing built-in so i just changed it to use that. i love joe it's a neat way to protest, but their reality tv video editing is a huge turn off. i lose all respect for them. just do it and film it, no need for the real world emoting. i tried to post a comment directly on the site, but the page wouldn't refresh and i don't know if it took. the lineage of these chips actually goes back to the intel 4004, which begat the 4040, which begat the 8080, which takes us up to the beginning of the article. aww, look at them, they're making a difference. i hear the legislature instantly convened an emergency session to raise the speed limits. who says self-righteousness isn't effective? web20milliondollarhomepage.com hah! how original! i don't understand why it always seems to be attributed to just one thing it's all just political. smog from cars is melting ice caps. spray that can and the hole in the atmosphere gets bigger. i heard the other day that because we reduced smog so much and improved the environment on that end, that the temperature is going up and causing global warming. maybe it has nothing to do with us or what we do that's my one idea that i attribute it to. actually, they said it was an exaggeration to the whole sentence. i wonder if it was the multimillion part that wasn't accurate, the googlepart, or both? i know there's a lot of engineers - ten times, maybe a hundred times the number of engineers at google - that just dream of working at google. but i also think that the reddit founders are confident that they could get job at google if they wanted, even if reddit failed to be acquired or make money. very interesting just some example categories, but if we're going to be splitting the site up into sub-reddits, you'd might as well make it possible to post in multiple sections at once. i think this was brilliant. they didn't do anything stupid like break the law and didn't intentionally harm anyone. they were following the law just to show how ridiculous it is. good stuff. i'm thinking that the best partners are those that have completely different but complementing tasks while still having a good knowledge of how the other's job works. this way has many benefits. each person can boast about his accomplishments, neither can slack and make the other do everything. oh hey, maybe it is like dating-- just get employees on a job to job basis. no long term commitment! less expensive in the long term too;) kidding kidding.. actually crowds seem to be pretty effective if they are heterogeneous to some degree and don't influence each other - that's what james surowiecki author of the best seller wisdom of the crowds thinks. it's a fascinating book. i'm not sure why google would acquire a site they could duplicate in a day. essentially they would be acquiring a community of lisp-fanatics and paul-graham-adherents. what's the point? i was particularly impressed with the production values on the clip. so many people would present this as a blog-style article, but the whipping boxes and cheery music really complete the package. what were they thinking??? you are so right. even the submitter has just registered today. voted down. turing machines? aren't they just state machine tape? what's non-trivial in that? the read it online version is all images; heavens, even the clickable table of contents is an image map! someone please ask him for the source tex or whatever and convert it to real html. awesome, much self-control needed to not try that right now. i'm in london. anyone else close? mdnaish on google mail. i've been looking for something like that. except that the left lane is for passing only so not quite so sure on following the law. i'm in vermont now.. well at least it's easy to concentrate. dupe. great site with lots of photos on this island that is a must visit before you die. if programming languages could speak i swear i saw this thing on south park. gee, sorry for being off-topic, but i first read trends in lycanthropy'. for some reason, though, that did fit bill gates. that headline gives me a headache. good stuff. i suggest you watch the second part only since both videos are long and the second one is more concise than the first as it also contains extra information. love this town and great site. you are operating under the same mentality as other commenters to the article have: that there are only two options - citizens under criminal courts and p.o.w.'s under geneva. do you recognize a third category of detained individuals who do not fit into either category? if not, then how do you explain the historic treatment of pirates, brigands, and spies? also, if you could please provide a reference to something showing that u.s. citizens are being held as detainees in guantanamo, i would be most appreciative. i can't seem to find anything credible on the topic. so it's a wiki? it's completely against the law. in some states it'd be illegal for obstructing traffic. in other states it would be illegal use of the passing lanes. i'm delighted that someone would highlight the inanity and unenforceability of our traffic laws, but i'm rather dismayed that they'd choose such a reckless way to do it. it looks like no one got hurt directly, but they could have done real damage to someone stuck in that traffic jam. they'll never know. yep, i'm pretty worried about that, but i hope i made it clear that this is very early. with a new feature everyday, i'd expect something spectacular soon. i don't think aaron's comments really count as a big marketing effort up-front. the merger entry this links to has practically zero hype. i think the amount of early attention on infogami has been pretty healthy. there were many days when i felt like my head was going to literally explode. what like in scanners? my guess is that it will wiki-fy the entire web stack. despite appearing a bit bare currently, it did add on the ability to edit the site template right in the wiki, which i hadn't seen in any others yet. so maybe it'll do the same for url mapping, data modelling, and other aspects. that's the key point of marimba phenomenon - don't launch too early. a new feature a day is actually a cute publicity idea. requests submitted. cops like that give cops everywhere a bad name. i live in tallahassee, and i can confirm what the story said: the police department here is as professional as it gets. i think the key point is don't overhype your product before it's done. and it's about releasing the feature, rather than developing it per day. doesn't work in safari, for one great things must be expected of infogami - after all, aaron swartz is the only guy introduced in the fog creek intern movie with a bell ringing in the background. btw, what is the markdown thing for an attempted joke ? what to do? hehe. leave them alone- it's a free country. i won't get in their way of life, liberty, or property, and i expect the same from them. so long as their bad ideas don't get in the way of my work, i tolerate. personally, i don't do the whole personal surrender to outside authority thing, but other people can if they want. some religious ideas are as dangerous as they are bad, but the more you fight with them, the more they infect the people who believe them. so you work around it. you listen, you teach, and you work. real problems don't get solved by prayer, but by hard work and dedication of able minds. there's a lot of good to do in this world- cures to be found, products to be made, software to be written. the religious can have whatever flavor of pat robertson their group requires. he- and his bad ideas- are only going to slow them down. give it some time- it's not like it's a big deal that everyone is atheist about thor, zeus or mars anymore.. in fact, everything was so spot-in that i wondered if microsoft actually does that. it's been so long since i've bought any software product in a box that that trend could have certainly sneaked in. i disagree. this video seems typical of cops around the world. in my life experiences, any time you debate a cop, they feel threatened and will act accordingly. i've found it's the rare cop who has it together to handle banter. besides, they're not trained to debate the merits of an argument, they're trained to protect the public by upholding the law. sometimes that protection thing is confused with status and law is a restraint by which they're annoying bound. don't debate cops under any circumstance. take it to your politicians. what ?! is this the promised we will change the way web sites are made? another wiki-blog ? i was thinking along the lines killer ruby-on-rails. who needs another static editable-in-browser web site ? i mean we already have lots of this kind of software. where's database backend ? tell me you will have one, or else ! : it's hard to see how it could be an illegal use of the lanes. the leftmost lanes are for faster traffic', but if you are already traveling at the maximum allowed speed, it could easily be argued that you were clearly the fastest traffic. exactly my thoughts. what a waste of good pr handwriting? blast from the past! i am in moscow, russia, now. i am not a hacker, though. infogami seems subtly different from a wiki. i think it is more like backpack. perhaps somewhere in between a wiki and backpack. with a little work, this would be perfect for creating and managing personal web sites. i mean web sites for typical users, not web geeks. i'm not sure if markdown is simple enough for that market, but it is a good start. i was confused about what is hd and hd stream, but now i see that he means high definition tv is this also related to a tv series on bbc? yes, aid is always a short-term solution. let's not forget that nobody has made a dent in ipod sales yet. use firefox. infog might benefit from following pages. i've already lost interest in my gpages page. partly because my gmail id is in the url. infog has me reconsidering the concept. good reuse of reddit technology. and i like markdown. about the ads do i get a percentage? vindicates that anticipation is the root to google's success they missed the best one of all: ps -fu i prefer google video too. google allow you to download the shows in a nice .avi format. it's not a personality trait like aggressiveness or docility, though. there are probably a few women out there who genuinely hate men and get overcome with the urge to castrate every man they lay eyes on, but the vast majority of feminists believe in feminism on an intellectual level, not as an innate part of their personality. nah, i think the microsoft word team already tried this. secret hearings with no oversight, based solely on the nature of the charge, are also known as witch trials. antwerp, belgium. dismayed that they'd choose such a reckless way to do itwtf? yeah the traffic rolling back was especially ridiculously corny, it made me cringe. lame. aaron made it sound like a huge invention that would revolutionize the internet. it's just the nth web 2.0 application but it has the good fortune of being heavily adv. by reddit and paul. rarely for me. i wonder what i'm missing. each time i hear these being mentioned i look them up to see if these are useful. so far i'm underwhelmed. nice job site using which approach: tabs, spaces or a mix of both? i think python's scope by indent creates as well as solves problems. and i wish there was a directory of existing sites, and at least a demo. ja det er bedre ta jobb i utlandet enn  g arbeidsledig i norge. ps utlandet er ogs danmark og sverige. cool adults only blog adult dvd website if you had read the post you'd know he axed a ton of work and basically started from scratch last week. give it a little time before you start spazzing out. fascist country. i could have used this a couple weeks ago, always good to have a guide specific to your platform. imo, we need a more general programming subreddit before we get something like this. the late murray kempton did it a lot better in the confusions of conscience 25 years ago, collected in rebellions, perversities, and main events. i suspect that subreddits will eventually lead to tags. so you would be able to tag a url with cs, programming, and whatever else you want. with a reasonable mechanism for promoting and demoting urls with respect to a subset of their tags, there may not be a need to keep the number of subreddits small. in such a scenario, there would be no need to suggest subreddits at all. yes, it could be argued. it's illegal to drive faster than the speed limit. i see no real problem with the current cross posting of articles that pertain to more than one subreddit as is done now. the key to this is not creating too many subreddits that would overlap. to further jesus freaks idea, if we were to make a subreddit on programming it should cover material that is not already well covered by the main reddit. perhaps an in depth functional programming reddit since those usually score low or a python cookbook reddit? i think it was very clever. they should do it like 3 times a week. then maybe it will make a difference. i would like that. or a live chat reddit.. since you replied to my comment in about 10 seconds haha. it's important to avoid overlap because then a submitter would end up posting everything to several subreddits and this would diminish the value of having subreddits in the first place. they would all end up very similar. what do you know about rss? :p these are great! :) so how do you get that don't influence each other part right in the real world? kill off the financial press? what's the difference between crossposting to multiple usenet newsgroups and to multiple reddits? as the number of users scales up i suspect there will be no difference between the two at all. cross-posting will be considered spamming. a key quality of reddit is that its interface is very simple. there are more complex interfaces out there but the simplicity of two arrows makes reddit somewhat unique. tags would add a whole other level of work in setting organizing one's favorites. exactly. we don't want to be deprived of interesting, relevant links because the submitter was afraid to post to too many groups. what's the diff between the two? yes, tags would add a new level of complexity. but they might be better than some arbitrary selection of subreddits. when you spam reddit, people will demote your urls, thus making it less likely that your future url submissions will end up as a recommendation for them. this in turn reduces the chances that you can spread news in the future, since fewer people will likely see your url. this penalty for spamming applies to crossposting also, so crossposting should not be a problem. i'm just saying that deciding on all the groups to post to, that is if there are many similar groups, places a heavier burden on the the submitter. this burden is quite light with the current system. my guess is yes. a more difficult problem is handling the recommendations across subreddits though. how would reddit best do this? but would this come too close to being a delicious clone? word is over on scoble's blog that the video actually came from microsoft. well, you never know what del.icio.us will do. it might be that both services will eventually converge to something similar. but so what? but i enjoy several non related fields. soccer and functional programming for example. i don't want people's recommendations from one influencing the recommendations i get in another for obvious reasons. ability to download mp3s you uploaded to ipod: no eh? i can get the mp3s i put on my ipod back off my ipod. what do you mean? if you're using some kind of digital restrictions management, then you can't complain. del.icio.us is already huge and has heavy financial backing. do we really want to fight them at their own game? i don't understand. if they're unrelated there's unlikely to be overlap between them anyway, right? what i meant was that tags could help a recommendation engine. instead of like delicious inbox where you have to specify what tags you care about, you leave it up to the great algorithm in the sky, and it can be arbitrarily smart about using all the information about a post - all the tags and all the comments and the identities of people who posted - in deciding if you'll be interested. yes. hmmm.. for large, faced paced threads like this i think it would be useful if reddit had a bar, on the right side, that could list the most recent comments on the page. you could just click the link and jump right to the comment. good idea? good point. the recommendation engine is in sore need of some improvements. perhaps the arrows alone are not enough data for effective recommendation in the first place? maxpages.com was allowing users to build sites online in 1997. sure its currently very cheesy, but for their time, maxpages were magnitudes further ahead of the pack then infogami currently is. time will tell. ah yes, let me prepare my card. ha, i thought you were my friend karthik from here for a second after seeing that.. yes, the google groupsactive older topics panel is just like what i'm imagining now that i think about it. there is a time and place for everything. once every month there is a time when a woman experiences a physical internal change, a feminine mystery that no man can ever fully comprehend. but at this time in her cycle, you notice emotional changes too, symptoms of near psychosis that make you question her sanity and keeps the 5 letter b-word close to your lips. you know it's her time of the month, but the question is, how to keep this seemingly temporarily bi-polar woman in her place, and how you can get through her pms without having to go mia. guess you didn't read the linked article where swartz explains that basically none of the features are implemented yet. right now it's just an infrastructure. comment folding would be good. i haven't seen that in many discussion boards either. running with the google groups example: for gg, when you view a topic you can only see maybe 15 comments per page in the frames view. this has the advantage in that only that many messages are marked as viewed which is especially useful in a large thread that you have to take a break from reading and come back to later. aside from this problem with overmarking of comments as viewed, i think that this is a good idea. a simple color change at the header of the comment would work. this was mentioned in another thread somewhere around here. i think the reddit guys should go for it. one more thing. the minimum width on these comments needs to be increased just a bit. wait, i know: if i see you on the road, i'll probably hit your car with my u-lock it doesn't actually seem to work. couldn't agree more, dre. can we please start killing cops? cop:'it's a free country citizens:'well actually not with you around, but we can fix that as it was written before, i don't think the kind of people who visit reddit generally aren't going to use it ah, so your rationale that it's bad for those kids to obey one totally unenforced law is to quote some other totally unenforced law? don't want to end up in debt like them! :)) yeah, good ideas all. i've pointed feedbackreddit to this thread. how do you do the dashes? all i get is this hr. i think that if your limited in the development you can do but are still putting a lot into early pr, you should simplify your product very much and make it look nice and clean. then everyone has much less to complain about. where does wrongful arrest get decided? not out in the highway, that's for sure. my point is this: when a cop comes to your car or door and tells you you're doing something wrong, that is prob not the right time to disagree with them. not because they hold a gun or anything, but just because they're trained not to let us civilians change their minds. this training is there for a reason: otherwise cops would be getting into arguments with lawyers all over our roads. the cop follows his training, and the judge later decides the law. that's the division of labour. haha, while this may be true, it sure doesn't help you utilize them. a neat idea, but way, way out of date. the guy wrote this primitive jit-type compiler based on python 1.5.1, which was ages ago now. pity he hasn't maintained it to keep up with the python times, this could have evolved into something really useful by now. this is the greatest paragraph i've read in a long time: i suppose this is mysterious,in the same way that a dog claiming to hate doggie-treats would be mysterious. in the former case, the mystery is quantum mechanics. in the latter case, the mystery is a talking dog.we already have one, it's just not exposed yet. wow, i didn't know paul graham dictated your every move. i'm glad you do everything you're told. go jump off a bridge now. will do, and any further relevant ideas will be posted back to here for community feedback. an interesting theory which seems generally true. however from personal experience, i've seen an increase in sales from raising the price of a product. if something is too cheap, people think it's cheap'. i calculate the cost only tens of thousands of dollars with their little stunt. show your work. maybe they should use an online petition instead. thanks for the commercial. loved it. i'm dripping pure adrenaline now. i need to take a cold shower since i'm just turgid with glee. i love the size comparisons. the only way to measure a giant squid in in london buses! today is my first day of living fairtrade for a week - eating, wearing and consuming only goods that have been bought at a fair price. can anybody offer, or point to, a clear, precise definition of fair'? something concrete, and not open to personal interpretation. seems to me that objectively describing something as fairies in the same realm as objectively calling someone beautiful.we're living in a police state. i tell you man, it ain't that great. i'm glad i'm a canadian - i wonder if it's different up here. i really hope it is. wow. it this was a printed story i don't know if i would have believed it but to see the footage. all off those officers should be fired on the spot. i agree with sudoman, watch the second video it's a lot better. actually, the community here is bigger than all of the lisp-fanatics and paul-graham-adherents in the world. there are a lot of people interested in science and politics here, as can be seen by the sites that make it to the top. also, paul-graham-adherents is an absolutely ridiculous insult. all of the people i've met who read paul graham religiously think for themselves, and disagree with him on a number of issues. it wasn't meant to be an insult. i'm part of this community, remember? this article describes a couple ways to manually find large directories, and also mentions a free program that does it. it can be useful for freeing space when your hard drive becomes full. bringing the clarity of digital hd radio into the home. original title had a mistake - had to delete and repost. this article is based on observations of attention paid by reddit users to buddhism related links this has been done before, and will be done again. nothing original. you don't have to worry about that, since reddit can obviously leverage its massive desktop monopoly. i like feynman stories like the next guy but don't post links here that violate other people's copyright. that book is not out-of-print and it is not in the public domain. i agree. it's not the same thing as automatically hiding disliked stories though sometimes i like to visit the comment threads on those. or howbout just ask questions to the reddit community? yes absolutely i am in ottawa, canada. a hardware hacker though. when clinton.1 was prez the nra got audited, oh big surprise! they all do this; the answer abolish the irs! writely.com can work on safari check the writely forum i posted there how to enter writely using safari great article i modded this up, because i like feynman stories, and i want them to appear on my recommended bar. however, i agree that this is not original, and all the stories are from surely you're joking, mr. feynman, an excellent collection of feynman stories. the canadian health care system is one of the best in the world. it is of course not free, but certainly much more affordable that anything private health insurance could offer, and universally accessible. there is a lot of pressure from american private health care providers against our system, but fortunately canadians seem to know better. i et the feeling this sort of film is an attempt to mislead americans who are beginning to wonder if there isn't a better system than the very costly and inefficient one they have now. don't let the corporate interests pull the wool over your eyes. choose what is best for you. hey, thanks! i'd heard about pyrex, only to promptly forget it existed. i'll have to save a bookmark to it this time. this isn't computer science, it's computer programming. my guess is that sun doesn't want htx because numa systems built from htx-slot interconnects will make their high end kit look a bit overpriced by comparison. nothing like patting yourself on the back, eh? this is pure garbage why doesn't anyone like president bush? i think, to some degree starting a startup requires a big head. the vast majority of startups fail; believing yours won't implies you think you're somehow better than most of the other people with startups. on the other hand, it requires being humble enough to notice when it becomes apparent that your original idea is flawed, to take advice from other smart people and make the changes required for success. i think the person seeing notes as a killer app has never used notes. notes might kill users but apart from that it is not a killer app. and how could we forget the unix guru's view of sex? unzip ; strip ; touch ; grep ; finger ; mount ; fsck ; more ; yes ; umount ; sleep man, i think you are sick. whatever it is, is very, very bad. you need treatment. comparing torture, kidnapping followed by murder with reality tv is sick. baen, and editor eric flint, provide back catalog books online, without drm. amazingly, instead of encouraging piracy, it has increased sales. trusting your customers pays off. i live in portland, oregon. there is a group of bike riding nutjobs that will occasionally go en-masse on the freeway. traffic is stalled by it and there are never enough cops to hunt them all down when the police do respond. i have always wanted a few of those rubber pellet grenades for exactly that kind of thing. demonstrations are fine, but make sure they target the people who are causing the problem, not those who suffer from it. what a perfect way to avoid writing my thesis. and if you slowed down just a little while driving on the freeways, you'd see some of those tiny markers indicating fatal accidents. 40,000 people a year in america alone. and the number is actually rising. like it or not, they were driving slow and safe. and the response they got by fellow motorists was insanity. it's like the old saying: speed kills. but it gets you there faster.costly user defined function calls are a side effect of some of the language design decisions. yes, it sucks, yes, it should be fixed, but considering some of the other areas that have been optimized i think the better trade-offs were made. hrm seeing as those bike riding nutjobs are usually doing it memory of bikers killed because motorists didn't share the road, i'd say they're pretty effective, wouldn't you, senzei? this reminds me of the whole thing that was made up about the poor kuwaiti rapevictim who testified before congress in the lead up to first iraq war when will we ever learn to ask questions. i just watched the film. total bullocks and disinformation. this is an attempt to scare americans into supporting their corporate-rationed health care for a few more years. ooga-booga! if america switches to a single-payer system, you'll die in the waiting room of a government bureaucracy! be afraid! be afraid! yes, it's pretty easy to mix and match links from various subreddits. so did paula jones and the former fbi agent who wrote a critical book about working the clinton white house. didn't hear too much about that except from fox news. surprise - gov't officials use their power to abuse office! i think the fact that someone is arguing the value of crazy frog over google because that's what the market says shows the ideological and artificial nature of letting the market decide anything. the documents included legal memos from one jones day attorney to another regarding allegations by activists that diebold had used uncertified voting systems in alameda county elections beginning in 2002. so the guy stole attorney work product protected under privilege and he's the whistleblower-hero? ignoring the content of the documents, i'm a little more concerned that a paralegal can steal confidential information relating to a legal matter and some people here are ok with that. the canadian health care system is fine. most of the people who whine about single-payer programs are flacks for the us insurance industry or willingly ignorant. there are many alternatives to the corporate rationing we have in the united states. each one has it's pros and cons. to scare americans with lies about the state of canadian healthcare is intellectually dishonest. it's time americans stopped treating health care like a privilege. despite the esoteric symbols, the idea--roughly speaking--is simple roman letters, parentheses, the equals sign, the divide sign and pipes. you don't get much more esoteric than that. mostly it just seems to poke fun at books, not really useful for anything. if you haven't read the book you won't even get the joke. joke-a-minute maybe. just as in 1989, the west has cravenly failed to combat self-righteous barbarism, only inviting further aggression--a lesson history continually teaches, but which western leaders refuse to learn. i've added an initial comment explaining the purpose of the crazy link that i made point to itself since i started doing this. often this comment gets lost near the bottom of the comments section though. this will cause the submitters to make really long titles. whats everyone think? this article had no useful information and didn't bear out any true cost other than the writer saying it was more expensive'. why not just post a link to the actual article? yes, the oh-so-lively ontario version of london. using modgzip with apache is another option that probably results in smaller files. a 12 year old is responsible for staining a 1.5 million dollar painting at the detroit institute of art.i'm a turbogears user and was actually a little disappointed with this. i thought the code for these examples could have been simpler and smaller. with the new release of turbogears, this presentation doesn't really give a good impression of features that make this stuff easier. in fact, it looks very much like what you could just do with the previous release. maybe i was just expecting more magic from 0.9. cool when apple says these are available immediately,does that really mean i can buy one tonight from an apple retail store? i can't view the video, but some of the dialog reads like the person is provoking the police officer. great yeah, i was surprised at the age. it's an interesting idea and informative of how the python virtual machine works and how it could be speeded up. the people in the left lane couldn't overtake the people on the right of them because they would have violated the speed limit. they weren't doing anything illegal. you can hide stories you've voted down. do you mean something different? why the reddit founders? they have lots of new and exciting features to implement! football pitches are popular too. at this age the art critics are still honest. such a great site. so true some of those postings there. in other news, web 2.0 companies still trying to figure out how to grow a money tree. call it cspapers.reddit.com then. i'm surprised anyone could tell the difference. the fast-food argument is groundless. garish glossy pizza adverts arrive at your door because pizza is something with which you make no long-term commitment. the entire goal of the flyer is to lie around the house long enough that someone orders one of the meal deals. at that point, they rely on the yumminess of the product to move further units. how many people buy software this way? okay, maybe some do but i'd like to think that the majority have their minds made up by the time they hit the retail store. and thus, apple can afford to make their packages beautiful rather than flashy. i still have my doubts about that date. the feb ctp looks great on the surface but i'm running into major issues with it. i can lock up my test machine pretty good at least once an hour. i don't like that the prices are going up. 800 for a mini seems a bit high in spite of the specs. index for sale! yeah, i thought it was about cornel west's terrible struggle against narcolepsy. i wrote this site along with my friend. 0.064000000 chance of earth impact or 1 in 1,560 chance or 99.93600000 chance the asteroid will miss the earth it worked perfectly for me when i tested it, and, apparently, 13 other people. leave your email address and i'll email it to you. i make my judgements about piracy on a case-by-case basis. in this case, i think feynman would be smiling in the afterlife to see people all over the world reading stories about him being awesome. i also think the way in which this book changed my life compels me to make sure as many people read it as possible, and linking to the amazon reference does not achieve that. p.s. i find your anti-piracy spiel a bit humorous considering how hard you tried to obtain the pdf. ;-) my mum says that's really cool! license, etch, device driver, debian live, maintenance debian news, always nice. rails already feels somewhat bloated to me. i hope this doesn't add to that feeling. ah, the good ol days, when your email address was a secret. anyone here have some real experience with lua? it seems like a neat little language that is worth learning. err no. we have a valve, and muscles in the bladder wall, when contracted squeeze the urine out. a histology textbook would have been easier then peeing while standing on your head. due to heavy demand, we are unable to offer new accounts for today.yes you can order it. they might not start shipping now though. mac miniipod hi-fi maybe we should address the assumption that anxiety and depression always need to be treated with drugs. often, there is a reason someone is feeling depressed or anxious that has nothing to do with an abnormal biochemical imbalance. and when you circumvent these reasons, you are treating the symptom of the problem not the actual problem, which i find frightening. anxiety and depression are not coincidental to our lives and are normal. we should pay attention to them, not blind ourselves to our own existence. it's a mistake to publicly release something this preliminary. this is especially true given the high level of anticipation, and expectation in the reddit community. also, i'd get rid of the apologetic quote on top of the site. far from enhancing their credibility, i think it undermines it. ideas are cheap; implementation is everything. you need to be able to show some magic, even in early demos. lotus notes sucks. ahi said: i hate children and animals. also, i am in favor of world hunger. boo! i disagree with you. those are terrible things to say. ipod0083
